Terms of Service   Carta
Products & solutions For private companies Overview
See plans for private companies
Cap table management
409A valuations
Scenario modeling
ASC 718 reporting
Liquidity
For public companies Overview
Transfer agent services
ESPP
For investors Overview
See plans for investors
Fund administration
ASC 820 valuations
Capital call lines
Scenario modeling
Partners Why partner with Carta?
Law partners
Private equity partners
VC partners
Become a partner
Resources Video tour
Customer testimonials
Blog
Support
Employee resources
Founder resources
About us Company
Press
Contact
Careers
Apple App Store
Google Play
AGREEMENTS
Terms of Service
Welcome, and thank you for using Carta! When you
use our products and services, youre agreeing to our terms, so please
take a few minutes to read over the Terms of Service below.
Note: By registering as a user on
www.carta.com
you are entering into a legally binding agreement with eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc.
Terms of Service
These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of Carta at
www.carta.com
(Website), as well as the information and materials on this Website
(collectively, the Content). If you are a paying customer of our
services, you are also subject to the terms of the Master Subscription
Agreement located
here .
By accessing or using this Website, you agree that you have read,
understood, and accept these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, and
all other policies or notices posted by us on our Website. IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT OR AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE
THIS WEBSITE OR CONTENT.
This Website is operated by Carta. (Carta or
we or us).
Carta reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of
Service, at any time.
It is your responsibility to check these Terms of
Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website
following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to
the changes.
As long as you comply with these Terms of Service, Carta
grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
privilege to enter and use the Website.
Terms of Restrictions on Access and Use
You may use this Website provided that (i) you
are over 18 years of age, (ii) you are using the Website for your own
personal use, (iii) you do not copy the Website or any part of it, (iv)
you do not modify the Website or any part of it, and (v) you comply with
all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and court orders.
Carta or its suppliers retain all right, title
and interest (including all copyright, trade secret, patent and other
rights) in and to the Website and Content which is included in the
Website. If you give feedback on the Website, for example
recommendations for improvements or features, such feedback will be
deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary, and implementation of that
feedback is owned by us and may become part of the Website without
compensation to you. We reserve all rights in and to the Website unless
we expressly state otherwise. The Website contains proprietary and
confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual
property and other laws.
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual
interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, and
computer code, including but not limited to the design, structure,
selection, coordination, expression, look and feel and arrangement of
Content, contained on the Website is owned, controlled, or licensed by
Carta, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark
laws, and other various intellectual property rights and unfair
competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of
Service, no part of the Website and no Content maybe be copied,
reproduced, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated,
transmitted or distributed in any way (including mirroring) to any other
computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or
distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Cartas express
written consent.
You may download publicly-available Content on
this Website only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that:
(i) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices; and
(ii) if your copying or use of copyrighted materials on this Website is
other than fair use under federal copyright laws, you must seek
permission directly from us.
Your access to and use of this Website and the
Content may be terminated by us at any time without notice.
You may not do any of the following:
Violate any copyrights, and other
proprietary or intellectual property rights in this Website or the
Content;
Engage in any data mining, deep-link,
page-scrape, or use bots/spiders or similar data gathering and
extraction tools or methods in connection with this Website or the
Content;
Decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, lease, sell, distribute, or reproduce this Website;
Transmit, post, or otherwise make available:
(a) content that is unlawful, false, inaccurate, harmful, obscene, or
otherwise objectionable, including but not limited to any content that
infringes on any intellectual property right or proprietary right; (b)
viruses, Trojan horses or other harmful programs or material; or (c) not
use any device, software or routine to interfere with the proper
working of the Website, (d) advertising or promotional materials,
spam, or any other form of solicitation;
Misrepresent your affiliation with or impersonate any person or entity;
Interfere with or disrupt this Website,
including imposing an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on
the infrastructure of the Website, or attempt to circumvent this
Websites security features;
Remove or modify any copyright notices,
other proprietary notices, or references to these Terms of Service in
the Content or on this Website;
Misrepresent the Content or this Website, or
misinform others about the origin or ownership of the Content or this
Website; and
Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of
the Website or any network connected to the Website, nor breach the
security or other authentication measures on the Website or any network
connected to the Website.
User Content
If you establish an account on this Website, you
are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user ID and
password, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under
your password or user ID. You agree to: (i) log out from your account at
the end of each session; and (ii) immediately notify Carta at
support@carta.com
of any unauthorized use of your password or user ID or any other breach of security.
You are responsible for all content that you
transmit or otherwise make available to this Website. Your access to and
use of this Website may be monitored, including but not limited to, for
the purpose of identifying illegal or unauthorized activities.
All personally identifiable information collected from you is governed by our
Privacy Policy.
Sale of Services
We may offer for sale or download licenses to certain Carta products or services (Services). Your use of such Services will be subject to licensing terms applicable to such Services, or a separate written agreement between you and Carta. If you have previously purchased Services, those Services are subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Subscription Agreement located at
https://carta.com/msa/.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
THIS WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN
AS IS, AS AVAILABLE BASIS, AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO ERRORS,
INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS.
CARTA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
REGARDING THIS WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THEIR COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, OR FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUSES. YOUR ACCESS TO AND
USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. CARTA SHALL
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES), LOSSES, CLAIMS OR LIABILITY, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE OR DATA), ARISING OUT OF
THE USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY
THIRD-PARTY SITE LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages
liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error,
omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or
transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or
destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether
for breach of contract, tort, negligence or other cause of action.
Linking and Third Parties
This Website may include links to third-party sites, such as social media and file-sharing sites to distribute our Content. When you access these sites, you are subject to third-party terms of use and privacy/security policies, which we recommend that you review. We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, legality, practices, or availability of linked sites (including any related services, content, software applications, and other technologies). In addition, we are not responsible for any interruption of services, malfunctions, or security breaches involving these third-party sites. This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from
https://carta.com/msa/ . References or links in this Website to any commercial products or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name do not constitute endorsement by Carta.
General
These Terms of Service constitute the entire
agreement with respect to your access to and use of this Website and the
Content.
For avoidance of doubt, Cartas obligations, if any, with
regard to its products and services are governed solely by the
agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this
Website should be construed to alter such agreements.
You agree that Carta may, in its sole discretion
and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or
block your future access to the Website if we determine you have
violated these Terms of Service or other agreements or guidelines which
maybe be associated with your use of the Website.
You also agree that
any violation by you of these Terms of Service will constitute an
unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm
to Carta, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you
consent to Carta obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Carta
deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances.
These remedies
are in addition to any other remedies Carta may have at law or in
equity.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is
unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed
severable from the remaining provisions and will not affect their
validity and enforceability. The failure by Carta to enforce any
provision in these Terms of Service will not constitute or be construed
as a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce it at a later
time. California law, without regard to conflict of laws provisions,
will govern these Terms of Service and any matter or dispute arising out
of this Website or the Content. The state and federal courts located in
San Francisco, California will have exclusive jurisdiction over any
dispute relating to these Terms of Service, this Website or the Content.
We will have the right to use for any purpose, free of charge, all
information or content submitted via this site except those submissions
made under separate legal contract.
Finally, Carta may disclose any information we
have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such
disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or
complaint regarding your use of the Website, or to identify, contact or
bring legal action against Cartas rights or property of visitors to or
users of the Website, including Cartas customers.
Carta reserves the
right at all times to disclose any information that Cartas deems
necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process
or governmental request.
Carta may also disclose your information when
Carta determines that applicable law requires or permits such
disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection purposes.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service, please contact us at
support@carta.com .
Content last updated: March 6th, 2018.
Companies
Plans & pricing
Cap table management
409A valuations
Scenario modeling
Board consents
Liquidity
Carta vs. Capshare
Carta vs. Shareworks
Products for public companies
Investors
Plans & pricing
Fund administration
Scenario modeling
ASC 820
Capital call lines
Resources
Request a demo
Video tour
Support
Employee resources
Founder resources
PARTNERS
Law firm partners
VC partners
About us
Company
Careers
Press
Contact us
Legal
Terms of Service
E-sign Consent
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclosure
Compliance
FINRAs BrokerCheck
Subscribe
The latest Carta news, articles, sent to you once a month
Thanks, you are now subscribed to Carta emails.
BLOG
How to create a cap table (free cap table template) What is a cap table? What is a 409A valuation? What is ASC 820? How VC funds calculate their internal rate of return (IRR) The accredited investor requirement needs to change What is vesting? What is a tender offer? Overview of RSAs vs. RSUs Fund administration is broken How to value your equity offer (free startup equity calculator)
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc. is a transfer agent registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The services and information described in this communication are provided to you as is and as available without warranties of any kind, expressed, implied or otherwise, including but not limited to all warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Neither eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc. nor any of its affiliates will be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, caused in any way or arising from the use of the services or reliance upon the information provided in this communication or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure. Transfer Agent services for DTC-eligible registered companies provided by Philadelphia Stock Transfer, a Carta affiliate. Carta Securities LLC is a broker-dealer and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Contact: eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc., 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101, Palo Alto, CA 94306.
© 2020 ESHARES, INC. DBA CARTA, INC.