Confluent: Apache Kafka &amp; Streaming Platform for the Enterprise English Français Deutsch  Toggle navigation Product Confluent Platform ksqlDB Confluent Hub Subscription Professional Services Training Customers Cloud Confluent Cloud Support Sign Up Log In Cloud FAQ Developers What is Kafka? Resources Events Online Talks Meetups Kafka Summit Kafka Tutorials Confluent Developer About Us Company Partners News Events Careers Contact Blog Docs Download Search Product Confluent Platform ksqlDB Confluent Hub Subscription Professional Services Training Customers Cloud Confluent Cloud Support Sign Up Log In Cloud FAQ Learn What is Kafka? Resources Blog Events Online Talks Meetups Kafka Summit Developers Confluent Developer Kafka Tutorials Docs Download Product Confluent Platform ksqlDB Confluent Hub Subscription Professional Services Training Customers Cloud Confluent Cloud Support Sign Up Log In Cloud FAQ Developers What is Kafka? Resources Events Online Talks Meetups Kafka Summit Kafka Tutorials Confluent Developer Blog Docs Download Project Metamorphosis: Unveiling the next-gen event streaming platform. Learn More Contact Us CONFLUENT CLOUD TERMS OF SERVICE Updated: February 20, 2020 1. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH CONFLUENT 1.1 Your use of Confluent Cloud (Cloud Service) is governed by these terms of service (Agreement). The Cloud Service means the managed Kafka service that Confluent makes available as a hosted, web-based service. Confluent means Confluent, Inc., located at 101 University Avenue, Suite 111, Palo Alto, CA 94301. Your, You and Customer are used interchangeably throughout the Agreement and have the same meaning. 1.2 Your use of the Cloud Service is subject to the terms of this Agreement. By accessing or using the Cloud Service, or by clicking on the checkbox that demonstrates acceptance of this Agreement, you are agreeing to the terms of this Agreement. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an entity, then you represent and agree that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to this Agreement. If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you cannot use the Cloud Service. 1.3 Certain defined terms are set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement. 2. CLOUD SERVICE 2.1 Subject to payment of the applicable Fees to the Marketplace Platform Provider, Confluent grants to Customer a limited, world-wide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, right and license (without right to sublicense) to access and use the Cloud Service during the Subscription Term, solely for Customers internal business operations, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Customer is responsible for Users compliance with this Agreement. 2.2 Registration. Customer must register and setup an authorized account to use the Cloud Service. Customer must keep the registration information accurate and complete. Customer is responsible for the security of its User Credentials and for the use of its accounts and will immediately notify designated support of any unauthorized use. 2.3 User and Performance Data. Confluent may from time to time use and process data about Customers use of the services for the purposes of creating statistics and analytics data. Confluent may use such data for its own business purposes, including to maintain and improve the Cloud Service and other services and to monitor and analyse its activities in connection with the performance of such services. Customer acknowledges that certain features used in connection with the Cloud Service are configured to collect and report telemetry data to Confluent as more particularly described in More Information Regarding Confluent Data Collection located at
https://www.confluent.io/moreinformation/ . Customer may choose to disable transmission of such telemetry data to Confluent at any time. Confluent will use user data in accordance with Confluents Privacy Policy located at
https://www.confluent.io/privacy/
subject, as applicable, to the Standard Contractual Clauses for Controllers as approved by the European Commission and located at
http://eurlex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32004D0915
(as amended, superseded or updated from time to time), which are incorporated by reference in, and form an integral part of, this Agreement. 3. ACCEPTABLE USE 3.1 General Restrictions / Responsibilities. Customer shall not use the Cloud Service to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device. Customer shall not make network connections to any users, hosts, or networks unless Customer has permission to communicate with them, and may not use manual or electronic means to avoid any use limitations placed on the Cloud Service, such as access and storage restrictions. Confluent may, but has no obligation to (a) investigate any violation of this provision or misuse of the Cloud Service, or (b) remove or modify any content, or disable access to any resource, that violates the foregoing. Customer is solely responsible for (i) the content and legality of Content, (ii) for ensuring compliance with all privacy laws applicable to the collection and provision of Content; (ii) Customers configuration and use of the Cloud Service, and (iv) taking appropriate action to secure, protect and backup Content, which may include use of encryption to protect Content from unauthorized access. Customer is responsible for communicating with the Cloud Service through encrypted and authenticated connections, as may be required by Confluent, and for transmitting all Content using such security methods. Confluent does not control the retention policy in Apache KafkaTM. To the extent that Customer will be subject to user data access and deletion requests, Customer is responsible for configuring the retention period on Kafka topics (i.e., category names to which messages are stored and published) that contain EU personal data to a maximum of 30 days. 3.2 Content Restrictions. Customer shall not submit Content that (a) is illegal, harmful, fraudulent, infringing, offensive, or in violation of privacy rights or (b) the Confluent Cloud Enterprise Security Addendum located at
https://confluent.io/cloud-enterprise-security-addendum
specifies as data that is not to be uploaded. Confluent will not access any Content except as necessary to provide the Cloud Service, any Support Services, or for a Permitted Disclosure (as defined in Section 7.1). 4. PRIVACY AND SECURITY Unless a separate data processing agreement has been entered into by the parties that specifically references this Agreement, each party shall comply with the Data Processing Addendum (DPA) located
https://www.confluent.io/cloud-customer-dpa/
which is incorporated herein by this reference. Confluent will use commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure of Content, as more fully described in the Confluent Cloud Enterprise Security Addendum located at
https://confluent.io/cloud-enterprise-security-addendum . 5. CONFLUENT SOFTWARE 5.1 As part of the Cloud Service, Confluent may provide to Customer certain of its proprietary software (Confluent Software). Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Confluent grants to Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license during the applicable Term to install and use such Confluent Software solely for Customers internal business operations and solely in connection with Customers use of the Cloud Service. Customer may permit its third-party service providers to install and use the Confluent Software to provide outsourced services to Customer, and Customer will be solely responsible for such service providers compliance with this Agreement. 5.2 Additional Restrictions on Use. Customer shall not, and shall not permit or encourage any third party to: (a) use the Confluent Software for third-party training, software-as-a-service, timesharing or service bureau use or (b) disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any portions of the Confluent Software that are not provided in source code format, or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code to such Confluent Software (or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or organization of the object code in the Confluent Software). The foregoing restriction is inapplicable to the extent prohibited by applicable law; provided that, in the event that Customer intends to disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Confluent Software, Customer shall first provide Confluent with written notice thereof. 6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP 6.1 Confluent Materials. Confluent or its licensors retain all rights, title and interest, in and to all intellectual property rights in the Cloud Service; Confluent Software, including all related and underlying technology and documentation; and any derivative works, changes, corrections, bug fixes, enhancements, updates, modifications, or improvements of any of the foregoing (Modifications), and including any Feedback (collectively, Confluent Materials). Except for the express limited rights set forth under this Agreement, no right, title or interest in any Confluent Materials is granted to Customer. Customer acknowledges that the licenses granted in this Agreement do not include the right to prepare any Modifications of the Confluent Materials. Confluent reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. No rights are granted by implication. 6.2 Content. Except for the limited rights granted under this Agreement, as between Customer and Confluent, Customer retains all rights, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in the Content. Content does not include data that Confluent collects as specified in section 2.3 (User and Performance Data). 6.3 Feedback. If Customer provides Confluent any suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations, or other feedback regarding Confluents products and services (Feedback), Confluent may freely use and incorporate such Feedback into Confluents products and services without restriction or payment. 7. CONFIDENTIALITY 7.1 Confidentiality Obligations. Each party shall retain in confidence the non-public information and know-how disclosed or made available by the other party pursuant to this Agreement which is either designated in writing as proprietary and/or confidential, if disclosed in writing, or if disclosed orally, is designated in writing (which may be via email) as confidential within thirty (30) days of the oral disclosure or should reasonably be understood to be confidential by the recipient (Confidential Information). Notwithstanding any failure to so designate it, the Confluent Software is Confluents Confidential Information and Content is Customers Confidential Information. Each party shall (a) maintain the confidentiality of the other partys Confidential Information using at least a reasonable degree of care; (b) refrain from using the other partys Confidential Information except for the purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement; and (c) not disclose Confidential Information to any third party except to employees, subcontractors, agents, and Platform Providers as is reasonably required in connection with this Agreement and who are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those set forth in this section. Each party shall immediately notify the other party of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information and assist the other party in remedying such unauthorized use or disclosure by taking such steps as are reasonably requested by such other party. The foregoing obligations will not apply to Confidential Information of the other party which (i) is or becomes publicly known without breach of this Agreement; (ii) is discovered or created by the receiving party without use of, or reference to, the Confidential Information of the disclosing party, as shown in records of the receiving party; or (iii) is otherwise known to the receiving party without confidentiality restrictions and through no wrongful conduct of the receiving party. Receiving party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law or court order if the receiving party provides prompt notice and reasonable assistance to the disclosing party to enable the disclosing party to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure (Permitted Disclosures). Confluent will have no obligation under this Section for any data or Content Customer uploads to the Cloud Service in breach of Section 3.2. 7.2. Injunctive Relief. Any breach or threatened breach of this section may cause irreparable harm to the disclosing party for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, the disclosing party will be entitled to seek injunctive relief without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond, in addition to any other remedies available at law. 8. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS Warranty Disclaimer. CONFLUENT MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE CLOUD SERVICE, CONFLUENT SOFTWARE, SUPPORT SERVICES,OR ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED HEREUNDER. CONFLUENT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. CONFLUENT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE CLOUD SERVICE OR CONFLUENT SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ALL ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. 9. INDEMNIFICATION Customer will defend Confluent from and against any third-party claim, demand, or lawsuit arising out of or relating to (a) Customers or a Users breach of Section 2.1 (License), Section 3 (Acceptable Use) or Section 5 (Confluent Software), (b) Customers violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Cloud Service, or (c) Content or the combination of Content with other applications, content or processes, including any claim involving alleged infringement or misappropriation of third-party rights by the Content, and Customer will pay such damages or costs as are finally awarded against Confluent attributable to any such action, provided that Confluent gives Customer (i) prompt notification in writing of any such action; (ii) sole control of the defense or settlement of such action (provided any settlement releases Confluent from all liability); and (iii) all reasonable information and assistance, at Customers 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 10.1 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR CUSTOMERS BREACH OF SECTION 3 (ACCEPTABLE USE), CUSTOMERS BREACH OF SECTION 5 (CONFLUENT SOFTWARE), AND EITHER PARTYS BREACH OF SECTION 7 (CONFIDENTIALITY): (A) NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR (TO THE EXTENT THE FOLLOWING ARE NOT CATEGORIZED AS THE FOREGOING EXCLUDED DAMAGES) LOSS OF BUSINESS, CONTRACTS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, PRODUCTION, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, OR DATA, OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND BY ANY OTHER PARTY, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORT, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT) EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL CONFLUENTS MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR DAMAGES OR LIABILITY OF ANY TYPE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER TO THE PLATFORM PROVIDER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. 10.2 Content-Related Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING SECTION 10.1 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) OR ANYTHING ELSE IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE TERMS OF SECTION 7 (CONFIDENTIALITY): (A) CONFLUENT WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR DISCLOSURE OF CONTENT THAT IS NOT THE RESULT OF CONFLUENTS BREACH OF SECTION 4 (PRIVACY AND SECURITY); AND (B) CONFLUENTS MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR DISCLOSURE OF CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO PLATFORM PROVIDER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISK TO SUCH LIABILITY. 10.3. Infringement Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING SECTION 10.1 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY), IF CONFLUENT REASONABLY BELIEVES THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE MIGHT INFRINGE A THIRD PARTYS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, THEN CONFLUENT WILL, AT ITS SOLE OPTION AND EXPENSE: (A) PROCURE THE RIGHT FOR CUSTOMER TO CONTINUE USING THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE; (B) MODIFY THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE TO MAKE IT NON-INFRINGING WITHOUT MATERIALLY REDUCING ITS FUNCTIONALITY; OR (C) REPLACE THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE WITH A NON-INFRINGING, FUNCTIONALLY EQUIVALENT ALTERNATIVE.IF CONFLUENT DOES NOT BELIEVE THE REMEDIES IN SECTION 10.3 ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE, THEN CONFLUENT MAY SUSPEND OR TERMINATE CUSTOMERS USE OF THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE. WITHOUT AFFECTING EITHER PARTYS TERMINATION RIGHTS, THIS SECTION 10 STATES THE PARTIES ONLY RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS-RELATED ALLEGATIONS AND THIRD-PARTY LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 11. TERM AND TERMINATION 11.1 Term. This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the termination or expiration of the applicable Order, unless earlier terminated as provided below. 11.2 . Termination.  Either party may terminate this Agreement or an Order upon written notice in the event the other party materially breaches this Agreement and such breach is not cured within thirty days of written notice of such breach.  The termination of an Order will not automatically result in the termination of this Agreement. Either party may also terminate this Agreement immediately if the other party (a) terminates or suspends its business; (b) becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under federal or state statute; (c) becomes insolvent or subject to direct control by a trustee, receiver or similar authority; or (d) has wound up or liquidated, voluntarily or otherwise. 11.3 Effect of Termination. All terms of this Agreement, which by their nature would survive the termination of this Agreement, shall survive termination. Upon termination of this Agreement or expiration of an Order, Customer will immediately cease use of the Cloud Service and Confluent Software, and if applicable, the Support Services. Customer is solely responsible for exporting Content from the Cloud Service prior to expiration or termination of this Agreement. Customer acknowledges that following termination it will have no further access to any Content. 12. UPTIME SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT AND SUPPORT SERVICES. Confluent will provide the uptime service level agreement for the Cloud Service in accordance with Exhibit A, below. Unless otherwise stated in an Order, Confluent will provide
Business Support Services
in connection with the Cloud Service. 13. GENERAL 13.1 Assignment. Customer may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, to any third party without Confluents prior written consent, except to an Affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. Any purported transfer, assignment or delegation without such prior written consent will be void. Subject to this Section, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 13.2 Delays. In the event that Confluent is unable to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement due to any Act of God, fire, casualty, flood, earthquake, war, strike, lockout, epidemic, destruction of production facilities, riot, insurrection, material unavailability, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the party invoking this Section, and if Confluent used its commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate its effects, Confluent shall give written notice to the other party, and the time for the performance shall be extended for the period of delay or inability to perform due to such occurrences. 13.3 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. All disputes arising out of this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts within Santa Clara County, California. The parties consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of these courts. The parties disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. 13.4 Export Compliance. Confluent Software is subject to export control laws and regulations. Customer may not access or use Confluent Software or any underlying information or technology except in full compliance with all applicable United States export control laws. Neither the Confluent Software nor any underlying information or technology may be accessed or used (a) by any individual or entity in any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) by anyone on the U.S. Treasury Departments list of specially designated nationals or the U.S. Commerce Departments list of prohibited countries or debarred or denied persons or entities. 13.5 Third Party Software. Confluent also makes available certain third party open source software as identified in the applicable help, notices, about or source files (Third Party Software). The Third Party Software shall be subject to the applicable open source license(s) and not this Agreement, and is provided by Confluent at no charge. Confluent makes no warranties, express or implied, and will not be obligated under section 9 with respect to any Third Party Software. To the extent the terms of open source licenses applicable to Third Party Software prohibit any of the restrictions in this Agreement, such restrictions will not apply to such Third Party Software. To the extent the terms of open source licenses applicable to Third Party Software require Confluent to make an offer to provide source code or related information in connection with the Third Party Software, such offer is made. 13.6 Other. This Agreement, together with its exhibits and addendums and any incorporated terms, represents the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to its subject matter, and is not intended to confer upon any third party any rights or remedies. Customer acknowledges that it has not relied on any representations other than those contained in this Agreement. Confluent may use Customers trade names, service marks and logos in marketing materials and customer lists for advertising or publicizing Customers use of the Cloud Service. The terms of this Agreement will supersede any additional or conflicting term in any purchase order or other purchasing related document issued by Customer and relating to an Order. The waiver of one breach or default or any delay in exercising any rights will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable under applicable law by a court of competent jurisdiction, it will be replaced with the valid provision that most closely reflects the intent of the parties and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as creating an agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the parties. Neither party shall have any right or authority to assume or create any obligations or to make any representations or warranties on behalf of the other party, whether express or implied, or to bind the other party in any respect. Notices will be in writing and deemed given when delivered in person (including by overnight courier), or three business days after being mailed by first className, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address of the party specified in the Order or such other address as either party may specify in writing. Customer represents and warrants that the individual binding Customer under this Agreement and any Order is authorized to do so. 14. DEFINITIONS 14.1 Cloud Service means the products that Confluent makes available through the Marketplace as a hosted, web-based service, and that are purchased by Customer. 14.2 Content means all data and information uploaded to the Cloud Service by Customer or on Customers behalf, but does not include any data Confluent collects as specified in section 2.3 (User and Performance Data). 14.3 Fees means the fees payable by Customer for the Cloud Service, as specified in the Order. 14.4 Marketplace means the third party platform through which Customer orders the Cloud Service. 14.5 Platform Provider means the Marketplace vendor with which Customer places the Order for the Cloud Service. 14.6 Order means the internet order page or an ordering document agreed upon by the parties, that specifies Customers purchase of the Cloud Service. 14.7 Subscription Term means the term of Customers authorized use of the Cloud Service, which commences on the earlier of (a) the date Customer starts using the Cloud Service, or (b) as otherwise stated in the Order. 14.8 Support Services means any support and maintenance service that Confluent may provide in connection with the Order. 14.9 User means any person under Customers control that Customer allows access to or use of the Cloud Service, and may include Customers employees, contractors, service providers, and other third parties. 14.10 User Credentials means User IDs and passwords. EXHIBIT A During your Subscription Term, Confluent will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Cloud Service available with a Monthly Uptime Percentage of at least 99.95% (the Service Level Objective or SLO). If Confluent does not meet this SLO, Customer will be eligible to receive a Service Credit from the Platform Provider as described below. 1. Definitions  Downtime is the total accumulated minutes during a calendar month for a given Cloud Service Kafka cluster during which the entire Kafka cluster is unavailable. A minute is considered unavailable for a given Kafka cluster if all continuous attempts by Confluents monitoring system to write to the Kafka cluster within the minute fail. (Confluents monitoring system will connect to the same Kafka endpoints that Customer uses). Downtime does not include downtime that results from any of the exclusions set forth below. Partial minutes of unavailability will not be counted as Downtime.  Monthly Uptime Percentage means the total number of minutes in a calendar month, minus the number of minutes of Downtime in such month, divided by the total number of minutes in such month. If Customers Cloud Service Kafka cluster is provisioned and running for only part of a calendar month, such cluster is deemed to be 100% available during the portion of the month in which it was not provisioned and running.  Service Credit means the percentage of monthly Fees, calculated as set forth below, credited to Customers account with the Platform Provider in accordance with the process described in this SLA. 2. Service Credits Service Credits are calculated as a percentage of the total monthly Fees paid by Customer for the unavailable Cloud Service Kafka cluster for the calendar month in which the Cloud Service does not meet the SLO, in accordance with the schedule below. Monthly Uptime Percentage Service Credit 99.9% but equal to or greater than 99.5% 5% 99.5% but equal to or greater than 99.0% 10% 99.0% 25% 3. Service Credit Request and Application Process To receive a Service Credit, Customer must submit a claim by logging a support ticket. To be eligible, the credit request must be received within five (5) calendar days after the last day of the month in which the Cloud Service does not meet the SLO, and must include all information reasonably necessary for Confluent to verify the claim, including: 1. the words Confluent Cloud Service SLA Credit Request in the subject line; 2. a description of the applicable Kafka client(s), the version of each such client, and the configurations for each such client; and 3. a description of the events resulting in Downtime, including the time and duration of the Downtime and Customer requests logs that document the failed write attempts. Confluent will evaluate Customer requests and determine in good faith whether a Service Credit is owed based on its system logs, monitoring reports, configuration records, and other available information. If Confluent confirms that the Monthly Uptime Percentage applicable to the month of such request did not meet the SLO, then Confluent will notify the Platform Provider and the Platform Provider will issue the Service Credit to Customer in accordance with the Customers agreement with the Platform Provider. Customers failure to provide the request and other information as required above will disqualify Customer from receiving a Service Credit. Service credits are not refundable and can only be used toward future billing charges. Service credits are Customers sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any failure or deficiency in the Services availability. Service Credits will not entitle Customer to any payment from Confluent. Service Credits are Customers sole and exclusive remedy for any unavailability of the Cloud Service in accordance with the terms of this SLA. Service credits expire without refund the earlier of twelve (12) months from issuance or one (1) month after termination of the current Subscription Term Order. 4. SLA Exclusions The SLA does not apply to any unavailability of the Cloud Service: 1. That results from (i) Customers misuse of the Confluent Cloud Enterprise Service in violation of Section 3 of the Agreement (Acceptable Use); 2. Due to factors outside Confluents reasonable control, including but not limited to any force majeure event, network intrusions, denial of service attacks, systemic internet issues or any other act or omission of any telecommunication provider, other services provider, or the Platform Provider; 3. That results from the use of services, hardware, or software provided by a third party and not within the primary control of Confluent, including issues resulting from inadequate bandwidth or resulting from region-wide failures of cloud platform services on which the Confluent Cloud Enterprise Service runs; 4. That occurs during any period when Customers use of the Cloud Service exceeds the purchased capacity specified in Customers Order; 5. That results from Customers unauthorized action or lack of action when required, including those of Customers Users or by means of Customers passwords; or 6. That results from Customers failure to use Confluent-supported Kafka clients with acceptable configuration values as defined in the Cloud Service documentation. 7. Unavailability due in whole or in part to any of the following: Customer-controlled actions and/or environment or other failures or shortcomings not within Confluents control including but not limited to the Platform Provider terminating or suspending any Order with Customer; Customers violation of the Agreement; failure by Customer to take any remedial action in relation to the Cloud Service as recommended by Confluent, or otherwise preventing Confluent from doing so; Customers negligence or willful misconduct, which may include failure to follow agreed-upon procedures; scheduled maintenance that takes place upon proper notice, ad hoc maintenance carried out to avoid future unavailability, and/or updates; or Customers failure to provide information required by Confluent to provision a cluster. Product Confluent Platform ksqlDB Subscription Professional Services Training Customers Cloud Confluent Cloud Support Sign Up Log In Solutions Industry Solutions Microservices Internet of Things Financial Services Fraud Detection Customer 360 Azure Hybrid Streaming Developers What is Kafka? Resources Events Online Talks Meetups Kafka Summit Kafka Tutorials Confluent Developer Docs Blog About Company Careers Partners News Contact Copyright © Confluent, Inc. 2014- 2020 .
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
Modern Slavery Policy
Apache, Apache Kafka, Kafka, and associated open source project names are trademarks of the
Apache Software Foundation This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. Accept Cookies More Information