Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policies   Dialpad
X
Contact Us
I'm a customer and need help
I'm interested and have questions
Why Dialpad
Voice Intelligence
Learn more from your conversations.
Customers
Companies love us. Heres why.
Trust
How we keep you safe and secure.
App Marketplace
We integrate with your favorite tools.
Products
Business phone system
Video meetings
Cloud call center
Sales dialer and coaching
Enterprise
Pricing
US: 415-469-1690
UK: +44 203-048-4377
AU: +61 260-581-007
NZ: +64 9-886-8400
Contact
Login
Try Free
Try Free
COVID-19 disrupting your business?
Dialpad can help.
Learn More
Policies
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright Dispute Policy
Effective date: Aug 2, 2019
Dialpad Terms of Service
Welcome to Dialpad. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s),
products, services and applications, which include, but are not limited to, UberConference, Dialpad Talk,
Dialpad Support, and Dialpad Sell (the Services) that you order directly through our website. For the
avoidance of doubt, if you order services through a Master Service Agreement with us, any such services are
governed by the terms of the Master Service Agreement and not these online terms. If you have any questions,
comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at support@dialpad.com or write
us at 100 California Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA 94111.
These Terms of Service (the Terms) are a binding contract between you and Dialpad, Inc. (Dialpad, we and
us). You must agree to and accept all of the Terms, or you dont have the right to use the Services. Your use
of the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect
while you use the Services. Your use of the Services and our website constitutes your agreement with and to be
bound by all terms and conditions included in these Terms as well as the terms outlined in the Acceptable Use
Policy, Privacy Policy, and Copyright Dispute Policy, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Modifications and Updates to Terms
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services. We
reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a
notice on the Dialpad website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. If you dont agree with the
new Terms, you are free to reject them by discontinuing your use of the Services; unfortunately, that means you
will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is
effective and serves as your acceptance of and agreement with any such changes.
Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective
unless in writing and signed by both you and us.
Service Registration Procedures
Upon signing up for the Services and at subsequent times as requested by Dialpad, you agree to provide Dialpad
with your true, accurate, current, and complete personal name and/or business name, administrator name, billing
address, shipping address, the addresses where the Services will primarily be used, 911 registered address for
each applicable device, email address, contact phone number, credit card information, and other data which may
be necessary to administer your Dialpad account (Account) (collectively, Registration Data). You represent
and warrant that the information you provide is accurate, current, and complete, and agree to promptly update
any of the information if it changes. If you provide Registration Data that is, or that Dialpad suspects to be,
false, inaccurate, not current, incomplete, fraudulent, or otherwise unlawful, Dialpad has the right, in its
sole discretion, to suspend or terminate the Services and refuse any and all current or future use of all
Services by you, your business(es), affiliates and all users of your Account. At all times, you shall maintain
and promptly update Registration Data. Upon completion of all Registration Data and acceptance of this
Agreement, Dialpad will provide you with, as applicable, a password(s), user ID(s), telephone number(s), and
other account information. You are solely liable for any transactions or activities by you or anyone else that
occur on Your Account. You shall immediately notify Dialpad of any unauthorized use of your Account or if any
other breach of security has occurred. In no event shall Dialpad be liable for any unauthorized use of your
Account.
You represent and warrant that you possess the legal right, capacity, and ability to enter into this Agreement.
You represent and warrant that you have made and will maintain at all times wireless or traditional wireline
telephone service that will enable you to call 911 and any other applicable emergency service number. You
represent and warrant that you will not use the Services in environments requiring fail-safe performance or in
which the failure of the Services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or
environmental damage. You represent and warrant that the Registration Data, user name, contact information,
office location (as defined in the Services), and all other information provided in connection with your Dialpad
Account are true and correct at all times. You represent and warrant that you will not use the Services in
violation of the these terms or any terms incorporated herein. You agree to be financially responsible for your
use of the Services, including the authorized or unauthorized use of your Account. In order to use the Services,
you must have properly configured and working Internet service and/or Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN)
service (i.e., mobile and/or landline phone service) and hereby agree, at your sole expense: to (1) obtain
access to your own Internet and/or PSTN service with a third party provider other than Dialpad; (2) be
responsible for payment of Internet and/or PSTN connection or service fees and all equipment necessary to
establish a connection to such Internet and/or PSTN service, as may be required to use the Services; (3) supply
and pay third-party providers for all additional phone service and features required for your use of the
Applications or Services; and (4) pay Dialpad for the Services.
Your use of the Services is subject to the restrictions in the Dialpad Acceptable Use Policy. You warrant and
represent that you will at all times comply with the Dialpad Acceptable Use Policy
Information, and Third Parties
In connection with the registration, implementation, maintenance, or servicing of the Services, you will be
required to provide data, personally identifiable information, or other materials (collectively Customer
Data). Should you use Dialpad features that include collection of audio or transcript data, such information is
included in the definition of Customer Data You are solely responsible for collecting, entering and updating the
Customer Data. You hereby grant to Dialpad a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive,
license to copy, store, record, transmit, display, view, print, and use Customer Data to the extent necessary to
provide, develop, and improve the Services. You agree that we may authorize access to Customer Data and share
how you use our Services to employees, contractors, and agents who need to know the information in order to
improve, personalize and provide Services, conduct research for product development, and enhance user
experience. Dialpad may also share Customer Data as permitted pursuant to Dialpads Privacy Policy, which is
incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service.
Any information transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such
information originated, and you access all such information at your own risk. Dialpad is not liable for any
errors or omissions in that information or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We
cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the information or
what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the information, and you hereby release us from
all liability for you having acquired or not acquired information through the Services. We do not guarantee the
identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain
access to the Services.
You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Services.
The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or
controlled by Dialpad. You access any such third-party websites or services at your own risk and are responsible
for reading and abiding by any terms and conditions, privacy policies, or any other terms, conditions,
warranties, or representations associated with such third parties or their websites or services. Dialpad
disclaims any liability arising from such use and by using the Services, you release and hold Dialpad harmless
from any and all liability arising from your interactions with any third parties or your use of any third-party
website or service.
If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you agree that
Dialpad is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other
users, you release Dialpad, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of
every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in
any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do
waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the
creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by
him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.
Change To Services
Dialpad, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to add, remove, or modify features or functions, or to
provide fixes, updates and upgrades, to the Services. You acknowledge and agree that Dialpad has no obligation
to make available to You any subsequent versions of the Services. In addition, you and Dialpad acknowledge that
no third party has any obligation whatsoever to furnish maintenance or support services with respect to the
Services and that Dialpad is solely responsible for the provision of maintenance and support as provided in this
Agreement and to the extent such maintenance and support is required under applicable law. Your continued use of
the Services following any modification of the Services constitutes your agreement with any such changes or
updates.
Account Termination
In the event that you wish to stop using the Services, you may do so at any time, by contacting us at
support@dialpad.com. Dialpad may terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for
any reason in our sole discretion, including, but not limited to, your breach of these Terms.
Upon termination of your account, all information associated with your account will be deleted or destroyed in
accordance with the Privacy Policy. As such, you should perform regular backups in order to avoid losing
information upon termination. If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at
support@dialpad.com; if possible, we will attempt to assist in recovering any lost information following an
accidental account closure (though we make no representations that we will be able to recover or restore any
information).
Billing and Payment
Some of the Dialpad Services are currently free, but we reserve the right to charge for certain or all Services
in the future. We will notify you before any Services you are currently using begin carrying a fee, and if you
wish to continue using such Services, you must pay all applicable fees for such Services.
If you choose to sign up for any Services that carry a fee (the Paid Services) you will be charged the then
current fees for such Paid Services. Dialpads current fees for the Paid Services can be found at
https://www.dialpad.com/pricing
and
https://www.uberconference.com/pricing . Unless otherwise agreed, all fees paid to Dialpad are non-refundable.
Unless you are paying for the service pursuant to an invoicing arrangement with Dialpad or one of our authorized
resellers (Reseller), as described in the following paragraphs, any applicable initiation charges, usage,
monthly recurring charges, support charges, and other fees are billed in full in advance. Termination,
international calling, equipment return fees and transfer charges, if any, are billed in arrears. Upon
termination of your Account for any reason, all unused calling credits and international calling credits shall
expire in their entirety on the termination date. No refund, transfer or proration shall be made of any unused
calling credits, additional credits, promotional credits, or international calling credits or of any remaining
periods/months on any account.
When you subscribe to Services, you will provide us with a payment method, such as a valid credit card (including
proper billing information), and, if applicable, authorize us to collect from your payment method. Any
authorization will remain valid until thirty (30) days after you terminate our authority to charge your payment
method. Upon termination, we will charge you any fees and any other outstanding charges and disconnect your
Service. You agree to advise and notify us of any changes to your payment method, such as credit card account
number or expiration date changes. If the credit card or other payment method on your Account is declined or
fails for any reason, Dialpad will use reasonable efforts to contact you and advise you of the failed billing
attempts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dialpad reserves the right to disconnect your Service and terminate
your account if your credit card on file is declined or fails for any reason, and Dialpad reserves the right to
continue to attempt charging your credit card for any outstanding Service charges and additional fees and pursue
any other legal remedies available to Dialpad.
Time is of the essence for payment. Therefore, you agree to pay us interest at the lesser rate of (a) 18% per
annum or (b) the highest rate allowed by law for any amounts unpaid as of the due date. Acceptance of late or
partial payments (even if marked Paid in Full) shall not waive any of Dialpads rights to collect the full
amount due. We may assess an additional fee of the lesser of (a) fifty dollars ($50) or (b) the highest amount
allowed by law for any credit card chargeback or check returned for nonpayment.
Billing cycle end dates may change from time to time. When a billing cycle covers less than or more than a full
month, we may make reasonable adjustments and prorate the charges to your account.
You must dispute any charges for the Services in writing to Dialpad within thirty (30) days of the date of the
charge by Dialpad. If you fail to provide a written statement explaining in reasonable detail your reasons for
disputing the charge within such time period, you hereby irrevocably waive any objection and further recourse
with regard to such charges. Written statements disputing charges must be sent to support@dialpad.com.
Product Pricing and Availability
With respect to its advertising, offering, or sale of applications, Services, or any other products
(collectively, Service(s)), Dialpad attempts to describe its products as accurately as possible. Nevertheless,
Dialpad does not warrant that any descriptions, pricing, availability, or other information relating to the
advertising, offering, or sale of Services (collectively, Service Information) from its website, marketing
materials, promotional flyers, advertisements, or other printed or electronic materials (collectively, Service
Materials) is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Despite our efforts, it is possible that
Service Information may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or that the Services may be unavailable. In the
event Dialpad determines that a Service is mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, Dialpad reserves
the right to take any action it deems reasonable and necessary to rectify the error, including without
limitation, canceling your account or subscription to the Services. You agree to notify Dialpad immediately if
you become aware of any pricing or descriptive errors or inconsistencies with any Services you order through the
Service Materials and comply with any corrective action taken by Dialpad. You acknowledge and agree that the
Services may not be available 100% of the time. Credit allowances for interruption of the Services may only be
provided on a case-by-case basis at the sole discretion of Dialpad and shall be your sole remedy for any Service
interruptions or other issues with the Services.
Taxes, Charges and Fees
All fees for Services advertised or otherwise listed on the website are exclusive of any federal, state, local
sales, international excise, value-added, and similar taxes or fees and administrative or recovery fees or
charges (collectively Taxes and Fees). For subscribers of Dialpad paid Services, You agree to pay all Taxes
and Fees and/or similar liabilities, however denominated, that may now or hereafter be levied on the Services,
which are chargeable to or recoverable from customers by any federal, state, local, or international law or
regulation, as well as any administrative and recovery fees and charges levied on the Services by Dialpad,
whether or not mandated by law or regulation. Should Dialpad pay or be required to pay such liabilities
(including any Taxes and Fees that were due but not charged or previously collected), You agree that Dialpad may
invoice you or charge your credit card on file for such payments upon receipt of an invoice and showing of
indebtedness to Dialpad.
You are responsible for paying all charges for your Account, including but not limited to toll-free, local, long
distance, international, additional feature charges, 411 and operator assisted charges, and directory assistance
charges, and for all taxes, surcharges, and fees imposed on you or us as a result of your use of the Service.
Discounts
From time to time in its sole discretion, Dialpad may offer promotions or discounts. Any promotion or discount
codes must be provided to Dialpad upon purchase of the Services. You shall not be entitled to a subsequent
credit for such promotions or discounts if you do not request such credit at the time of account creation or
change of service. Promotions and/or discounts may not be used cumulatively or be used for Services
retroactively. If a promotion and/or discount is offered on a confidential basis, you agree not to disclose the
promotion and/or discount and to assume full responsibility for any harm, direct or indirect, caused to Dialpad
by the disclosure of the promotion and/or discount.
Unlimited Calling
Dialpad offers unlimited monthly calling for domestic calls (United States and Canada) and text messages from
your mobile phone or computer. An unlimited service provides you with a domestic telephone number and is subject
to the terms and restrictions of the Acceptable Use Policy along with any other restrictions described herein,
as well as any reseller agreements, if applicable. If, for any reason, Dialpad believes that you are using the
unlimited service for a prohibited purpose and/or your call usage violates the Acceptable Use Policy, then
Dialpad may, in its sole discretion with or without notice, terminate your unlimited service.
Toll-Free Calling
Dialpad offers toll-free numbers, for an additional monthly fee, plus additional charges based on the minutes of
use for inbound calls. Having a toll-free number requires that you maintain a balance of calling credits. When
you are nearing exhaustion of your initial paid allotment of calling credits, we will automatically recharge on
your behalf, an incremental package for additional credits, unless you disable this feature otherwise. Post-paid
pricing packages and other variable terms may be available through invoiced accounts or resellers. Please refer
to any applicable reseller agreements for additional terms of service. If, for any reason, Dialpad believes that
you are using the toll-free calling for a prohibited purpose and/or your call usage violates the Acceptable Use
Policy, then Dialpad may, in its sole discretion with or without notice, terminate your toll-free calling
service.
International Calling and "Local" International Telephone Numbers
To make international calls using the Services, you must enable international calling in your settings and
pre-purchase at least the minimum package of international calling credits necessary to make such international
calls. Insufficient credits may cause your call to be terminated. Packages of international calling credits will
decrement based on the rate defined per country and carrier. Our international calling rates are available at
https://www.dialpad.com/rates/
. In addition, you may be charged
any applicable Taxes and Fees associated with international calls. You are solely responsible for the region and
numbers you choose and any associated charges on your account. Dialpad also offers some local international
numbers for you to make and receive calls and texts. Rates, terms, Taxes and Fees associated with international
inbound and outbound calling and texting services may vary based on the country and reseller agreement, if
applicable. If, for any reason, Dialpad believes that You are using the Service for a prohibited purpose and/or
your call usage violates the Acceptable Use Policy, then Dialpad may, in its sole discretion with or without
notice, terminate your service.
Value, Ownership, and Expiration of Calling Credits
Toll-free and international calling credits have no monetary value and cannot be exchanged for the cash value or
refunded at any time after such credits are purchased by you, including after the closure of your account.
Credits may only be redeemed and used by the holder or users of the associated account or office to which the
Credits have been credited, and may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or used by another user or with another
users account or office. Any unused credits remain on your account and "roll over" to the next billing period.
Additional credits and promotional credits expire according to the terms of their purchase.
Account Ownership
The account owner shall be the legal entity (e.g., corporation, partnership, individual) that signs up for the
Services with Dialpad. If no legal entity is provided upon sign-up, the account owner shall be the owner of the
credit card used to open the account. Subsequent changes to ownership must be supported by appropriate legal
documentation. Dialpad shall not adjudicate ownership-related disputes, or any other internal business dispute.
If Dialpad is unable to determine the valid owner of the account, Dialpad reserves the right to suspend or
terminate the account and Services.
Additional Terms for Dialpad VOIP Service
Dialpads Services includes one or more Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) lines, including the option to add
additional lines at a later date. Your license to the Services is provided for a term specified in your order
(the Term) through Dialpad or an authorized Reseller. The initial Term begins on the date that you sign up for
the Services (the Date of Purchase). The Term for all Services will renew automatically for successive Terms
of the same length without further action by or notice to you unless you notify Dialpad customer service of
non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the end of the then current Term, unless otherwise provided in your
Agreement.
Monthly Service. For subscribers of monthly Services, you may cancel or terminate your use of the Services with
or without cause at any time by contacting Dialpad customer service at support@dialpad.com, subject to the
restrictions and fees provided in these Terms, and any additional agreements governing the Services.
Annual Service. For subscribers of annual Services, you are purchasing the Service for the full length of the
applicable Term. If you terminate the Services prior to the end of your Term, you are responsible for all
charges for any remaining time left on the Term as if you remained a customer through the end of the
then-current Term, including, without limitation, outstanding charges, unbilled charges, taxes, and fees,
including any applicable disconnection fee. In addition, you will not be entitled to a refund for any unused
portion of prepaid Term charges.
Equipment. To use the Dialpad Service, you may wish to purchase phones, headsets, or other equipment
(collectively, Equipment). All Equipment shipments are F.O.B. Dialpads shipping distributor facility.
Dialpads liability for delivery shall cease, and title to such Equipment (if applicable) and all risk of loss
or damage shall pass to you upon delivery to the shipping carrier.
Storage of User Information
Dialpad is not obligated to store your communications logs, voicemails, faxes, emails, or other messages and does
so only as a convenience to you. You agree that Dialpad has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the
deletion or failure to store any call log information, voicemails, faxes, emails, messages, and/or other
communications maintained or transmitted by the Services. You acknowledge and agree that Dialpad may establish
limits as to the size of communications that Dialpad transmits or stores and the duration for which Dialpad
stores any communications.
Confidentiality
You may use Dialpad Confidential Information only in connection with your use of the Services as permitted under
this Agreement. During the term of your use of the Dialpad Services and for a period of five (5) years
thereafter, you will not disclose Dialpad Confidential Information and you will take all reasonable measures to
avoid disclosure, dissemination or unauthorized use of Dialpad Confidential Information, including, at a
minimum, those measures you take to protect your own confidential information of a similar nature.
For purposes of this Agreement, Dialpad Confidential Information means all nonpublic information disclosed by
Dialpad or its affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, partners, or suppliers, which is either designated as
confidential or that, given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding its disclosure, would
reasonably be understood to be confidential in nature, including but not limited to: (a) nonpublic information
relating to Dialpads customers, business plans, product roadmaps, promotional and marketing activities,
finances, or other company or business information (or that of our affiliates, partners, or suppliers); (b) any
confidential and proprietary third-party information; and (c) the nature, content and existence of any
discussions or negotiations (including, but not limited to the terms of this or any other Agreement and any
pricing or discounts). Dialpad Confidential Information does not include any information that: (i) is or becomes
publicly available without breach of these Terms; (ii) can be shown by documentation to have been known to you
at the time of your receipt from Dialpad; (iii) is received from a third party who was not bound by an
obligation of confidentiality or restriction on disclosure; or (iv) can be evidenced as independently developed
by you without reliance on or reference to the Dialpad Confidential Information.
Warranty, Limitation of Liability, and Indemnification.
Warranty Disclaimer. Dialpad does not make any representations or warranties concerning the Services,. Additional
services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) through the
Services are provided AS IS and without any warranty of any kind from Dialpad. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN
AS-IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS,
SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO
LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL DIALPAD BE
LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER
FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE
AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO DIALPAD IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS
APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, You agree to indemnify and hold Dialpad, its
affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities,
damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising from or in any way
related to any third-party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a
third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms (including any terms or policies
incorporated by reference herein). In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (Claim), we will attempt to
provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to
deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).
Publicity and Non-Disparagement
You agree that Dialpad may identify you as a user of the Services on Dialpads website or any third party website
where Dialpad or its designated agents may promote the Services in its business deals, press releases, marketing
materials, advertising, newsletters, mailings, tradeshows, other promotional materials, and on Dialpads website
or any other third-party website where Dialpad or its designated agents may promote the Services. You hereby
grant Dialpad and its agents an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free
license (with right to sublicense) to use, reproduce, publish, and display your name, trademarks, service marks,
designs, logos, and symbols in connection with such purpose.
You agree not to directly or indirectly through a third party engage in any conduct or make any communication
(public or private) that disparages Dialpad or Services in any way. Such communications include, but are not
limited to, publishing, posting, printing, disseminating, or otherwise making such disparaging statements on or
through the Internet, in any blog, or through any other form of social media. You further agree not to solicit
or encourage, directly or indirectly, any such statements, comments, or communications by any third-party. In
accordance with the termination provisions below, Dialpad may terminate your access to the applications or
Services if You breach the requirements of this section.
Other Terms
Survival. Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination.
For avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Agreement relating to intellectual property ownership, customer
representations, confidentiality, equipment, number porting and availability, storage of user information,
customer feedback, publicity rights, non-disparagement, additional software licenses, indemnification, force
majeure, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, notices, assignment, future changes, interpretation,
dispute resolution and arbitration, and choice of law shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement
for the maximum term allowable by law.
Force Majeure. Dialpad shall be excused from any delay or failure in performance hereunder caused by reason of
occurrence or contingency beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God, earthquake,
fire, flooding, fiber cuts, actions or inactions of third party providers or suppliers, riots, sabotage, war,
government requirements, or other events that are beyond Dialpads reasonable control.
Dispute Resolution and Optional Arbitration. In the event of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement
between You and Dialpad (Dispute), You and Dialpad shall first use reasonable best efforts to settle the
dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To this end, you and an authorized member of Dialpads legal
department (or other representative of Dialpad designated by the legal department) shall consult and negotiate
with each other in good faith and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable
solution satisfactory to both parties. Neither you nor Dialpad shall file or pursue any Disputes in any court,
administrative, arbitral, or other adjudicative body prior to engaging in such consultations and negotiations.
California Subscribers. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Service receive the
following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of
the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1020 N Street, #501, Sacramento,
California 95814, or by telephone at 916-445-1254.
Effective date: May 22, 2020
Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) is incorporated by reference into your Agreement with Dialpadeither the
Master Services Agreement executed by and between Dialpad and You or the Terms of Services agreed to by You by
signing up for any Service, using the Service, or downloading, installing, or using any application (the
Agreement). This AUP governs your use of the Dialpad website, Dialpad Talk, UberConference, Dialpad Sell and
Dialpad Support (each a Service and collectively, the Services).
Use Policies
Fair Use. Dialpad is committed to providing first class customer service and value to users of our Services. In
order to provide the best pricing, support and Services available to all of our users, we retain the right to
impose limits on your usage of the Services or to terminate the Services if we reasonably believe that your
usage, including, but not limited to, the total number of calls you make, SMS messages you send, or minutes you
use is not consistent with normal, fair, and reasonable use of such Services. Wherever reasonably possible, we
will give you written notice before taking any such action, and allow a reasonable period to allow you to modify
your use.
Illegal or Inappropriate Behavior. You shall not use the Services for any illegal, fraudulent, improper, or
abusive purpose or in any way that interferes with Dialpads ability to provide high quality Services to other
customers, prevents or restricts other customers from using the Services, or damages Dialpads or other
customers property. If Dialpad finds that you are using the Services for anything other than the permitted uses
in the Agreement or for any of the prohibited uses in the Agreement, Dialpad may at its sole discretion
terminate your Service and charge you any applicable fees for the Services used plus damages caused by your
improper use. Prohibited uses include, but are not limited to: (1) Behavior that is illegal, obscene,
threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, malicious, infringing, tortious, or
invasive of anothers privacy; (2) Sending unsolicited messages or advertisements, including email, voicemail,
SMS, or faxes (commercial or otherwise) (spamming), or otherwise sending bulk and/or junk email, voice mail,
SMS, or faxes; (3) Negligently, recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally transmitting any material that contains
viruses, time bombs, trojan horses, worms, malware, spyware, or any other programs that may be harmful or
dangerous; (4) Creating a false Caller ID identity (ID spoofing) or forged email/SMS address or header, or
otherwise attempting to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of any communication made
using the Services with the intent to defraud, cause harm, or wrongfully obtain anything of value; (5) Using any
intellectual property rights protected by applicable laws and contained in or accessible through the Services
for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user interface; (6)
Using the Services, or permit it to be used, for purposes of product benchmarking or other comparative analysis
intended for publication without Dialpads prior written consent; (7) Using the Services to develop or enhance
any software, software code, or any derivative works of any software without Dialpads prior written consent;
(8) Using the Services for the purpose of monitoring the Services availability, performance, functionality or
for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes; (9) Violating any U.S. or foreign law regarding the
transmission of technical data or software exported through the Services; (10) Utilizing the Services in excess
of what, in Dialpads sole discretion, would be expected of normal business use, including without limitation
allowing more than one user to use a single line or using a single line in excess of what would be expected of a
single user; and (11) Using the Services in any way that interferes with other customers and third parties use
and enjoyment of the Services or use the Services in any manner which disrupts, prevents or restricts any other
customer from using the Services.
You further understand and agree that your use of the Services is subject to all applicable local, state,
national, and international laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing account
collection, export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, securities laws, and
false advertising). In addition, some of Dialpads Services are offered on an unlimited basis. All unlimited
Services may only be used for normal business use and exclude international calling to countries other than
Canada, which is available for an additional fee. Unlimited Services also may not be used for any of the
following prohibited uses (which are in addition to the other prohibited uses applicable to all Services):
trunking or forwarding your Dialpad number to (an)other phone number(s) capable of handling multiple
simultaneous calls, or to a private branch exchange (PBX) or a key system; spamming or blasting (e.g., sending
one hundred (100) or more bulk and/or junk voicemail simultaneously); bulk call-in lines (e.g., customer support
or sales call centers not provided by Dialpad, hotlines, 900 numbers, sports-line numbers, etc.); and
auto-dialing or predictive dialing (i.e., non-manual dialing or using a software program or other means to
continuously dial or place outbound calls). In addition, unusually high usage of the Services may impair
Dialpads ability to provide high quality Services to others and/or indicate unauthorized use of the Services,
in which case, Dialpad may suspend or terminate your Account or, upon prior notice. Dialpad reserves the right
to add to, modify or amend this Acceptable Use Policy at any time for any reason at its sole discretion.
RESTRICTIONS ON CONTENT CONTRIBUTIONS AND SUBMISSIONS
You represent, warrant, and agree that you
will not contribute any Content (as that term is defined in the Content Ownership section below) or user
submission (or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that):
Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including
Dialpad);
Violates any law or regulation;
Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise
objectionable;
Jeopardizes the security of your Dialpad account or anyone elses (such as allowing someone else to log in
to the Services as you);
Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other
user;
Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;
Runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or spam on the Services, or any processes that run or
are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper
working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services infrastructure);
Uses any intellectual property rights protected by applicable laws and contained in or accessible through
the Services for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user
interface;
Uses the Services, or permits it to be used, for purposes of product benchmarking or other comparative
analysis intended for publication without Dialpads prior written consent;
Uses the Services to develop or enhance any software, software code, or any derivative works of any software
without Dialpads prior written consent;
Uses the Services as a direct competitor of Dialpad or for the purpose of monitoring the Services
availability, performance, functionality or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes;
Crawls, scrapes, or spiders any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content
(through use of manual or automated means);
Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or
information of or relating to the Services.
A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.
Dialpad reserves the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts
of repeat alleged infringers.
Content Ownership and End User License/Restrictions
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to,
text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, and user submissions (all of the foregoing, the
Content) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You agree that you will abide by
all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access
through the Services, and you wont use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit,
distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned
by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone elses
(including Dialpads) rights.
You understand that Dialpad owns the Services. You will not (and will not permit any third party to): (a) rent,
lease, provide access to, or sublicense the Services to a third party, (b) use the Services to provide (or
incorporate the Services into) any product or service provided to a third party; (c) reverse engineer,
decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to the Services except as
expressly permitted by applicable law and then only upon advance written notice to Dialpad; or (d) copy, modify,
publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this
Section), creative derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services.
Dialpad grants you a limited, personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable,
non-transferable, non-resellable license and right to use the Dialpad Services in strict accordance with the
Agreement. All rights not expressly granted under the Agreement are retained by Dialpad, including, but not
limited to, no grant of intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and agree that any and all patents,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights (collectively,
IP Rights) in the Services are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Dialpad. You will not take
any action to jeopardize, limit, or interfere with the IP Rights. You acknowledge and agree that any
unauthorized use of the IP Rights is a violation of this Agreement, as well as a violation of applicable
intellectual property laws.
Unsolicited Advertisements
The transmission of unsolicited calls, using the Services for broadcasting, and/or transmitting unsolicited fax
advertisements is illegal under federal law, including the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 and
under a number of similar state laws. Distribution of unsolicited voicemail, broadcast, and fax advertisements
through the Services is prohibited. You shall not use the Services to send or transmit any unsolicited
communications or advertisements and understand that, if you do, Dialpad may immediately terminate your right to
use the Services without liability of any kind and you shall indemnify and hold Dialpad harmless in the event of
a breach of this restriction.
At Dialpas sole option and without further notice, Dialpad may use technologies and procedures, such as filters,
that may terminate such unsolicited advertisements without delivering them. You hereby release and agree to
fully, finally, and forever release, hold harmless, and fully indemnify Dialpad from and against any damages or
liabilities of any kind related to any voicemail, broadcast, and/or fax spam or solicitations that you may send
and/or receive using the Services.
If you transmit or are otherwise connected with any transmission of voice, fax, email, or other unsolicited
marketing messages using the Services, you agree to pay Dialpad its actual damages if those damages can be
reasonably calculated. If actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, you agree to pay Dialpad liquidated
damages of ten dollars ($10.00) for each unsolicited marketing message transmitted through the Services. You
acknowledge that if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, these liquidated damages are a reasonable
estimation of such damages and are not a penalty.
OFAC Restriction
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has
been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist supporting country, and that you are not listed on any
U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Recording Conversations
Certain Dialpad Services provide a function that allows you to record individual telephone conversations. The
laws regarding the notice, notification, and consent requirements for recording conversations vary from state to
state. In some states, you are required to obtain consent from all parties to a record a conversation. You are
solely responsible for complying with all federal, state, and local laws in any relevant jurisdiction when using
this feature. Dialpad expressly disclaims all liability with respect to your recording of telephone
conversations. You hereby agree to fully, finally, and forever release, discharge, hold harmless, and fully
indemnify Dialpad from and against any damages or liabilities of any kind related to your recording of any
telephone conversations using the Services.
Transcribing Calls
Note that the laws applicable to call transcription differ by state, province and country. For some
jurisdictions, transcribing recorded calls, recording calls, or even transcribing real-time speech over a call
or video is prohibited or requires informed consent by some or all parties to the conversation. We recommend you
review the relevant laws of your locality or consult with an attorney regarding your specific circumstances.
Dialpad expressly disclaims all liability with respect to your transcription of telephone conversations. You
hereby agree to fully, finally, and forever release, discharge, hold harmless, and fully indemnify Dialpad from
and against any damages or liabilities of any kind related to your transcription of any telephone conversations
using the Services.
Voice-to-Text and Text-to-Voice Limitations
Certain Dialpad Services may provide a function that allows voicemails and voice notes to be converted to text
and vice versa. You understand and agree that Dialpads voice-to-text (VTT) and text-to-voice (TTV) features
may not accurately transcribe voicemails or articulate text messages, respectively. You are solely responsible
for checking the original message and verifying the accuracy of the message when using any and all VTT or TTV
features. Dialpad expressly disclaims all liability with respect to the conversion of voicemails to text or vice
versa. You hereby agree to fully, finally, and forever release, discharge, hold harmless, and fully indemnify
Dialpad from and against any damages or liabilities of any kind related to your use of VTT or TTV features when
using the Services.
Support and Feedback
Dialpad may provide customer and technical support to you via telephone, chat, forums, FAQ and email for the
Services. The types of support provided by Dialpad is dependent on the products that you purchased and the
number of seats using Dialpad in your organization. The types of support provided by Dialpad is determined
entirely by Dialpad in its sole discretion and may change from time to time. Dialpad does not make any
representations or guarantees that Dialpad will be able to fully resolve any issues reported by you. Except as
provided in this section, Dialpad has no obligation to provide additional customer support, technical support,
or to provide solutions (e.g., bug fixes to software) to any issues that may arise in your particular use of the
Services.
From time to time, Dialpad may send you surveys, comment cards, customer satisfaction forms, or other requests to
provide feedback. You hereby grant Dialpad, its licensors, and suppliers a perpetual, unlimited, worldwide
fully-paid up, royalty free license to use all feedback, answers, ideas, comments, or other information you
provide to Dialpad.
Number Porting and Availability
Dialpad will use reasonable efforts to facilitate number transfers or port requests for you, provided that You
comply with the necessary and specific procedures for porting between service providers. You acknowledge and
understand that number porting depends on the cooperation of third parties outside of Dialpads control.
Accordingly, you agree that Dialpad will not be liable for the failure or delay of any third party to cooperate
in the porting of any telephone number, or for the allegedly unauthorized porting of any telephone number by a
third party.
Dialpad works with third party carrier(s) who, on Dialpads behalf, port telephone numbers in accordance with
applicable regulatory rules and industry guidelines. Dialpads third-party carrier(s) require very specific and
detailed information and requirements when completing a port request. Please be informed that you will be
required to provide such detailed and specific information to complete a port request. For porting numbers into
your Dialpad account, follow the procedures on your account settings page for transferring a number to your
Dialpad account. For porting numbers out of your Dialpad account, follow the procedures of your new service
provider. You understand that porting your number out of your Account does not automatically terminate your
Dialpad account.
Dialpad cannot guarantee requested telephone numbers will be available, that your existing provider will port
your number, or that circumstances beyond Dialpads control will not prevent or delay a successful port of your
number for the Services. You should not order any printed material, such as business cards or stationery,
showing a telephone number, or issue any press releases or otherwise publicize any telephone number until that
telephone number becomes active on your Account. Dialpad shall not be liable for reimbursement for press
releases, business cards, and/or stationery under any conditions.
You understand and agree that Dialpad may from time to time need to change the telephone number or assigned to
you (due to an area code split or for any other reason). Dialpad shall not be liable for any damages (including
consequential, special damages or other damages) to you in the event that it needs to assign you a new telephone
number.
Dialpad 911 Service
FOR USERS OF DIALPAD FREE, ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES (911) IS NOT AVAILABLE. BY USING DIALPAD FREE SERVICES,
INCLUDING PORTING YOUR EXISTING NUMBERS TO DIALPAD FREE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU SHOULD MAKE ALTERNATIVE
ARRANGEMENTS TO REACH 911 AND THAT YOU WILL INFORM ALL BUSINESS COLLEAGUES, HOUSEHOLD RESIDENTS, GUESTS, AND
OTHER PERSONS WHO MAY BE PRESENT AT YOUR PHYSICAL LOCATION THAT 911 IS UNAVAILABLE THROUGH DIALPAD FREE.
FOR SUBSCRIBERS OF DIALPAD PAID SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT 911 SERVICE IS ONLY PROVIDED THROUGH THE DIALPAD
DESKTOP APP OR THE DIALPAD SOFTPHONE DUE TO THE NATURE OF DIALPAD 911 SERVICE AND SERVICE PORTABILITY DISCUSSED
BELOW, WE RECOMMEND YOU MAKE ALTERNATIVE ARRANGEMENTS TO PLACE 911 CALLS, SUCH AS USING A TRADITIONAL WIRELINE
OR CELLULAR TELEPHONE, AND YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON DIALPAD TO CALL 911.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE DIALPAD MOBILE APPLICATION USES YOUR DEVICES DIALER AND CELLULAR TELEPHONE SERVICE TO
MAKE 911 CALLS. IF YOUR DEVICE DOES NOT HAVE CELLULAR TELEPHONE SERVICE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CALL 911 FROM
THE DIALPAD MOBILE APPLICATION. DIALPAD DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY RELATING TO YOUR (OR ANY OF YOUR USERS
OR THIRD PARTIES) INABILITY TO MAKE 911 CALLS OR ACCESS EMERGENCY SERVICES.
Dialpad VoIP 911 Service (Dialpad 911 Service) operates differently than traditional 911 service. We are
required by the FCC to advise you of the circumstances under which 911 may not be available or may be in some
way limited by comparison to traditional 911 service. Such circumstances include, but are not limited to,
Internet Connection Failure, Number Flexibility & Porting, and Loss of Electrical Power (as described below):
Internet connection failure.
If the connection to the wired broadband internet over which your
Dialpad Service is provided is interrupted, you would not have access to Dialpad Service during that
interruption and therefore will not have access to Dialpad 911 Service during that interruption.
Number Flexibility & Service Portability.
Traditional 911 service automatically sends your 911 call
to the appropriate local emergency responder, or Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP), based on your
telephone number. Traditional Enhanced 911 service (also known as E911) automatically sends your 911 call to
the appropriate PSAP along with your registered address and telephone number. Because the Dialpad Service
permits you to obtain a telephone number that does not correspond to your geographic location (for example,
you may obtain a Dialpad telephone number with a California area code even if you do not have a California
address) and allows you to use Dialpad Service anywhere you have wired broadband Internet, the Dialpad 911
Service functions differently than traditional 911 service in certain respects: Because your address does
not necessarily correspond with your telephone number, you must provide Dialpad with the street address(es)
where you will be using Dialpad Service (Registered Location(s)) when you sign up for Dialpad service. If
you relocate any equipment (e.g., PC with softphone, IP phone, or ATA with traditional phone) that you use
to access the Dialpad Service, you must update your Registered Location(s). If you do not update your
Registered Location(s), any 911 calls you make using the Dialpad Service will be routed based on your
previously provided Registered Location and therefore may not be routed to the appropriate PSAP for your new
location. In addition, because the Dialpad Service will, where possible, automatically transmit your
Registered Location to the PSAP, you must update your Registered Location to ensure that the Dialpad Service
transmits accurate location information to the PSAP. Once you notify us of a change in your Registered
Location, there may be a delay in making the new Registered Location available to properly route 911 calls
and advise PSAPs of your new Registered Location. In some parts of the country where direct routing to PSAPs
is not available for Dialpad 911 Service, the Service will route your call to the National Emergency Call
Center where trained agents will ask for the name, location, and telephone number of the person calling 911
and will contact the appropriate PSAP to send help. The call center will not automatically receive your
address and telephone number. In these situations, public safety response times may be delayed. As a result,
there may be an additional delay before emergency services arrive.
Loss of Electrical Power.
Unless you have a backup system to power your wired broadband Internet
connection and any equipment (PC with softphone, IP phone, ATA with traditional phone) that You use to
access your Dialpad Service, you will not have phone service or 911 service during any power outage.
Registration of Physical Locations Required.
As discussed above, you must register the Registered Location
where you will be using Dialpad Service for each phone line you use from Dialpad (e.g., if you purchase Dialpad
with three lines, you must provide a Registered Location for each of the three lines). Dialpad will obtain your
Registered Location as part of the service initiation process and will not provide Dialpad Service until you
have provided your initial Registered Location. However, you must update your Registered Location when you use
your Dialpad Service from a new location. Regardless of what address you register, in some circumstances, such
as unavailability of direct routing to PSAPs or the use of portable devices to access the Dialpad Service,
emergency calls will be routed to the National Emergency Call Center.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete Registered Location information to Dialpad as part of
the service initiation process and to update as soon as possible your Registered Location with true, accurate,
current, and complete information whenever you use your Dialpad Service from a new location. If you provide
Registered Location information that is, or that Dialpad suspects to be, false, inaccurate, not current, or
incomplete, Dialpad has the right to suspend or terminate the Services and refuse any and all current or future
use of all Services, or any portion thereof. Dialpad will not, however, disable your ability to make a 911 call
during any service suspension.
You may update your Registered Location by logging on to your account settings page or contacting Dialpad
customer support at support@dialpad.com. For purposes of 911 dialing, you may only register one Registered
Location for each Dialpad line.
Notify All Users of 911 Limitations.
You must inform all business colleagues, household residents, guests,
and other persons who may be present at the physical location where you utilize the Dialpad Service that 911 may
not be available or may be in some way limited in comparison to traditional 911 service. For subscribers to whom
E911 service is provided as part of their Dialpad Services, stickers may be sent with warning that E911 Service
May Be Limited or Not Available for use with any equipment purchased from Dialpad. It is your responsibility to
place these stickers on the equipment you use to access Dialpad Service. If you have not received a sticker, or
you require additional 911 stickers, please contact customer support at support@dialpad.com.
Disclaimer of 911 Liability.
Dialpad disclaims all responsibility for the conduct of PSAPs, the National
Emergency Call Center, and all other third parties involved in the provision of emergency response services.
Dialpad does not have any control over PSAPs, the National Emergency Call Center, or other third parties and is
therefore not responsible for whether they answer 911 calls made using the Dialpad Service, how they answer
these calls, or how they handle or respond to these calls. Dialpad relies on third parties to assist it in the
provision of 911 service and disclaims any and all liability for acts or omissions by third parties in the
provision of Dialpads 911 service. Dialpad expressly disclaims all liability with respect to your use of the
E911 service. You hereby agree to fully, finally, and forever release, discharge, hold harmless, and fully
indemnify Dialpad from and against any damages or liabilities of any kind related to your use of the E911
services.
Operator Assisted Calling, 311, 511, and Other X11 Calling
The Service does not support 0+ or operator assisted calling (including, without limitation, collect calls, third
party billing calls, 900, or calling card calls). The Service may not support 311, 411, 511, and/or other X11
calling (other than 911 and 711 as specified in this Agreement) in one or more service areas.
Fraudulent Activity or Erroneous Changes
In the event of suspected fraudulent activity or erroneous charges on your Account, you agree to contact Dialpad
as soon as possible. In many cases, Dialpad can mitigate or correct fraudulent activity or erroneous charges
without bank or credit card company intervention. If you suspect fraudulent activity or erroneous charges on
your Dialpad account, please contact Dialpad customer support at support@dialpad.com. When you contact customer
support, please have the following information available: (a) your name, contact information, the Dialpad
account telephone number in question, and security verification information; (b) the credit card account number
associated with the account; and (c) the total amount in question charged to the account. If you do not contact
Dialpad within thirty (30) days after the suspected fraudulent activity or erroneous charges appear on your
Account, you waive your rights to object to or challenge such activity or charges. Furthermore, if you request
that your bank or credit card company perform a chargeback without first contacting Dialpad, and Dialpad
subsequently determines that the charges at issue are not erroneous, Dialpad reserves the right to terminate
your account immediately and take any available legal action. Notwithstanding the above, you are solely liable
for any transactions or activities by you or anyone else that occur on your Account, and in no event shall
Dialpad be liable for any unauthorized use of your Account.
AUP Breach
In the event that you breach any of the terms of this AUP, Dialpad retains the right to suspend or terminate
Customers use of the Dialpad Services (including UberConference) upon written notice to you. No credits will be
available for terminations or suspensions resulting from Customers breach of the AUP.
Apple Terms on the App Store.
The following Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including, but not limited to, the iPhone and iPad
applications available via the Apple, Inc. (Apple) App Store (the Application), but the following additional
terms also apply to the Application:
Both you and Dialpad acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and Dialpad only, and not with
Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable basis,
solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to
all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services as well as the App Store
Terms of Service;
You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control and as
permitted in the App Store Terms of Service;
You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support
services with respect to the Application;
In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those
implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure and Apple may refund to you the purchase price of the
Application. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation
whatsoever with respect to the Application. ; upon notification, Apples sole warranty obligation to you will
be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
You acknowledge and agree that Dialpad, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any
third party may have in relation to the Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability
claims; (ii) any claim that the Application fails to confirm to any applicable legal or regulatory
requirement; (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation;
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your
possession and use of the Application infringes that third partys intellectual property rights, Dialpad,
and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such
infringement claim;
You represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo,
or that is listed in Title 15, Part 740 Supplement 1 Country Group E of the U.S. Code of Federal
Regulations; and (ii) has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist supporting country, and
that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
Both you and Dialpad acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any
applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
Both you and Dialpad acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apples subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries
of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed
to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.
In the event that you have any questions, complaints, or claims relating to the Application, you may contact
Dialpad at: Dialpad, Inc. 100 California Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA 94111 or at
support@dialpad.com.
Local Country Terms - China
If you utilize Services originating out of China, in addition to the restrictions and obligations outlined in
this AUP, You represent, warrant, and agree that You will not transmit any data, content, or information, or
otherwise use the Services in a manner that:
is contrary to the principles of the Constitution of the Peoples Republic of China;
contains content prohibited by law and/or any regulatory or administrative requirement of the Peoples
Republic of China;
is detrimental to Chinas security, state secrecy, state power, national unification, state honor and
interests;
disseminates rumors, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, fraud, crime, or disrupts
social order and stability;
humiliates or slanders others and/or infringes upon the lawful rights and interests of others; or
contains data, content, or information prohibited by any of Dialpads suppliers or as otherwise communicated
to you in writing.
Effective date: December 31, 2019
View archived version
Privacy Policy
Dialpad provides tools to help individuals and organizations communicate more effectively, including Dialpad
Talk, Dialpad Support, Dialpad Sell, UberConference, and associated websites and mobile apps. Dialpad uses a
single Privacy Policy that addresses our treatment of personally identifiable information (Personal
Information) when you use any of these Services, including through your mobile device, Dialpads desktop
applications, browser and/or extensions, or your desk phone.
This guide answers questions like:
What Personal Information does Dialpad collect?
How does Dialpad use Personal Information?
What Personal Information does Dialpad share with third parties and why?
How is Personal Information about me secured?
How can I access, manage, and delete my data?
How does Dialpad comply with specific state and country laws?
What happens when Dialpad makes changes to this Privacy Policy?
Where can I ask questions about this policy?
Remember that your use of Dialpads Services is also subject to the
Terms of Service , which incorporate this Privacy
Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of
Service.
What Personal Information does Dialpad collect?
Information You Provide to Us
When you create a Dialpad account, you provide us with Personal Information such as your name, email address,
phone number, password, and payment information.
If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or sign in to the Services through a third party site
or service, such as Office365 or Google, some information from those accounts (Third Party Account
Information) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions. That Third Party
Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. Certain information may be
required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register
with us or to take advantage of some of our features within the Services.
Information We Collect As You Use Our Services
When you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information that we then use to provide
the Services.
Device and Session Information:
We collect information about your browser or device, which may
include your IP address, device IDs, or other unique identifiers, cookie information, the type of browser and/or
device youre using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. We use this data to customize
your experience with our Services, based on your usage patterns. We also use it to improve the Services  for
example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that
knowledge to make decisions about future development focus. You may be able to change the preferences on your
browser or device to prevent or limit your devices acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking
advantage of some of our features.
Telephony Information:
We maintain customer call records such as time, duration, the number of the called party.
Like all telephony services, we also maintain and temporary copies of call audio for
up to 48 hours for quality assurance.
Call Audio:
Some of Dialpads Services and its Voice Intelligence features include saving audio
and transcription from calls, both to enable these features and to train and improve the models that these
features are based on, such as speech recognition and understanding. Dialpad may use pseudonymized segments of
such transcriptions and recordings to improve or validate its features, or securely share it with contractors to
do so on Dialpads behalf. Any training data saved by Dialpad is used only for improving Dialpads language
models, and is processed primarily by automated systems. A small fraction of training data may be manually
reviewed. You may opt out of manual review at any time by contacting
support@dialpad.com .
You can control what data is stored by choosing which Dialpad features you use from the settings menu in the
relevant Service.
How does Dialpad use Personal Information?
Dialpad uses Personal Information to deliver the Services, and also to improve the Services and to communicate
with you about the Services, including marketing communications.
The main ways that we use the Personal Information that you provide to us or that we collect when you use the
Service are to:
deliver the Services, including placing and receiving voice and video calls, and providing recordings,
transcriptions, and analytics of calls; determining your geographic location for efficient call routing, and
organizing your contacts,
manage your account and billing, to enable secure login and single sign on, and allow third party
integrations;
prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud and
violations of our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy; and
improve Dialpads products and train the audio and language models that the Services are based on.
We may communicate with you if youve provided us the means to do so. For example, if youve given us your email
address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of
the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us
make our communications with you more applicable and improve our services. If you do not want to receive
communications from us, you can always opt out by unsubscribing through the link at the bottom of our emails.
We do not use Personal Information to make automated decisions.
What Personal Information does Dialpad share with third parties and why?
We do not license or sell your Personal Information to third parties, including advertisers, without your
consent. As described below, when we share any information about you with third parties, we pseudonymize and
aggregate any information about you before we share it unless more detail is necessary to the function of the
Services. Although Dialpads Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies we dont own or control
or people that we dont manage, our Data Processing Agreements with European customers and/or users in the
European Union define how these third parties can use and store your information, consistent with this Policy.
Information thats no longer personally identifiable
We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you are not individually identifiable, and provide that
information to certain of our partners to help us improve our Service, such as sending anonymized samples of
audio or text to a third party to improve speech-to-text transcription and reading comprehension. We may also
provide aggregate usage information to our partners to understand how often and in what ways people use our
Services. However, we never disclose aggregate usage information to a partner in a manner that would identify
you personally, as an individual.
Cookies Policy, Third Party Analytics, and Tracking
Dialpad and third party service providers of tracking technologies gather non-personal information about how users enter,
navigate, and leave the website and Services, the frequency and length of visits to the Services or third party websites,
application or device usage data, and your product or service preference indicated by the number of times and the
length of time you view a product. Dialpad gathers this data using cookies (both first party cookies, such as the
Google Analytics cookie, and third-party cookies, such as the DoubleClick cookie), web beacons, tags, and other similar
techniques that deliver small files to your computer and which allow these networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing,
research and reporting for us and for advertisers.
Dialpad uses certain third-party services that help us understand traffic on our website in various ways:
Google Analytics and Google Adwords help Dialpad understand who is visiting Dialpads websites and to show
relevant ads on other websites to people who have visited Dialpads websites. You can control what ads you see
through the
Google Ad Settings Manager . More information on how Google uses information collected when you use
Googles partner sites is available at
Googles Partner Technologies
page.
Marketo
is a marketing automation
tool that handles various marketing tasks, such as contacting visitors who provide their contact information and
requested additional information. You can read more about Marketo's Privacy Policy and opt-out options here via
Marketos Privacy Notice .
Wistia
powers the videos on our site.
Wistia tracks how you interact with these videos: how much of a video you watch, at what points in a video you
pause or rewind, etc. In some videos, we pause the video and request that you provide your email address or name.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but we reserve the right to limit certain videos to identified users.
Wistia aggregates the data collected through the videos here, including names and email addresses, and provides it to us.
Wistia does not sell or provide the data it collects to third parties.
You may be able to opt out of tracking conducted by third parties through our Services by adjusting the Do Not Track
settings on your browser; but we dont control whether or how these third parties comply with Do Not Track requests. Our
Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online
activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.
Affiliated Businesses and Service Integrations
Some businesses or third party websites were affiliated with provide products or services to you through or in
connection with the Services, or allow you to to access Dialpads services through those third party products.
For a list of Dialpads affiliates and integrations, go to
https://dialpad.com/integrations .
We will share your Personal Information with affiliated businesses only if you or your Dialpad Services
administrator set up an integration, and we will only share your information to the extent that it is related to
the transaction or service, such as the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account
Information to your Services profile or to automatically transmit information in your Services profile to your
third party account. If you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website
or business, please review their policies.
Agents, Subprocessors, and Contractors
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them
to provide the Services to you. For example, we use a payment processing service to receive and process your
credit card transactions for us. Our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with
them beyond what is necessary to assist us and may not use such information for marketing purposes. We may
authorize access to your data for those employees, contractors, partners, and agents who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop and improve products and services. With regard to data of customers in
the European Union, we remain liable in cases of onward transfer to agents and third parties pursuant to the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (described in more detail below in the section on data protection for customers in
Europe). Dialpads list of sub-processors can be viewed within our
Help Center .
User Profiles and Contacts
Certain user profile information, including your profile photo and status, may be displayed to other users within
the Services. You are responsible for entering and updating that content. Additionally, if you sign into the
Services through a third party service, your list of contacts from that site or service may be automatically
imported to the Services.
Business Transfers
If we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other
change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Dialpad and Others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any Personal Information that we believe is
necessary to comply with the law; to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, a court order or
subpoena; to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Dialpad, our employees, our users, or others, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements.
How is Personal Information about me secured?
Your account is protected by a password, and your Personal Information is encrypted in transit and in storage
using industry standard encryption. If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may have
additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized
access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on
mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have
finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but
unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.
How can I access, manage, and delete my data?
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit, or delete the following information
youve provided to us:
name and password
email address
phone number(s)
location
time zone
place of employment
devices
recorded/transcribed messages and calls
call history including incoming/outgoing number and duration
user profile information, including images you have uploaded
billing information
contacts
other third-party account information you have linked to the site
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. You also have the right to
access, correct, amend, or delete information that we hold via a
Data Subject
Access Request . When you update information, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our
records.
You may request deletion of your Dialpad Talk, Dialpad Support and/or Dialpad Sell account by contacting
support@dialpad.com . You may delete your UberConference account by
selecting the Delete My Account link at the bottom of the account page (www.uberconference.com/account). After
deletion of your account, some information may remain in our records for a period of time that is consistent
with the purpose it was collected for. We may use any anonymized and aggregated data derived from your Personal
Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Following the cancellation of your Services, we will delete and/or anonymize information related to your account
so that no personal information is retained by Dialpad or its contractors, unless otherwise required by law.
How does Dialpad comply with specific state and country laws?
Europe and GDPR
As part of Dialpads compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation, Dialpad participates in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Privacy Shield governs the collection,
use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Dialpad has
certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. The programs official
website provides
Dialpads
Privacy Shield certification page
as well as
Privacy Shield FAQs . If there is
any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield
Principles govern. Dialpads participation in Privacy Shield is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade
Commission.
Dialpad commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by such
authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment
relationship. For more information on how to sign Data Processing Agreements for your organization please visit
our
DPA
Help Center article .
EU individuals have the right to access their personal data. If you have questions Dialpads Privacy Policy, you
may contact
legal@dialpad.com
or submit a
Data Subject
Access Request Form .
Dialpad has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to PrivacyTrust, an alternative
dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
PrivacyTrusts Dispute Resolution Form
for more
information or to file a complaint. The services of PrivacyTrust are provided at no cost to you. Finally, as a
last resort and in limited situations, European Union individuals may seek redress from the
Privacy Shield Panel , a binding
arbitration mechanism.
California and CCPA
Dialpad complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Details on the rights and disclosures relevant to California residents are available in the
CCPA Addendum
to Dialpads privacy policy.
COPPA Compliance Statement
Dialpad does not provide services designed for use by children under the age of 13, nor does it knowingly collect
or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected such
information we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 has
provided us personal information, please contact us at
support@dialpad.com .
What happens when Dialpad makes changes to this Privacy Policy?
Were constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time
as well. However, we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Dialpad website, by sending you an
email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if youve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us
(or you havent provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the
Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. Use of information we collect now is
subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
Where can I ask questions about this policy?
You can always reach Dialpad with questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy by sending an email to
legal@dialpad.com .
Effective date: Aug 2, 2019
Copyright Dispute Policy
In accordance with the DMCA, weve adopted this Copyright Dispute Policy. We reserve the right to (1) block
access to or remove material that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally
copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users and/or (2)
remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders. Your use of Dialpads Services is at all times subject to
the Terms of Service, which incorporates this Copyright Dispute Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without
defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Service.
Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements.
If you believe that material or content residing on or
accessible through the Services infringes your copyright (or the copyright of someone whom you are authorized to
act on behalf of), please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to
Dialpads Designated Agent (contact details are listed below):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright
that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location
of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that
Dialpad is capable of finding and verifying its existence;
Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the identified infringing material is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party
is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
Procedure Following Dialpads Receipt of Bona Fide Infringement Notification.
Upon receipt of a proper
notice of copyright infringement, we reserve the right to:
Remove or disable access to the infringing material;
Notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that we have removed or disabled access to the
applicable material; and
Terminate such content provider's access to the Services if a repeat offender or as otherwise deemed
appropriate in our sole discretion.
Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent.
If the content provider believes that the
material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing (or otherwise has a bona fide
right to post and use such material from the copyright owner) the content provider may send our Designated Agent
a counter-notice containing the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the content provider;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location
at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that the content provider has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a
result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and
Content provider's name, address, telephone number, and email address; and
A statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial
district in which the content providers address is located (or if the content provider's address is located
outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Dialpad is located), and acknowledgement that
such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the
alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by our Designated Agent, Dialpad may, in its discretion, send a copy of the
counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Dialpad may replace the removed
material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court
order against the content provider accused of committing infringement, the removed material may be replaced or
access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Dialpad's
discretion.
Dialpads Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
Craig Walker
100 California Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA 94111
legal@dialpad.com
(844) 979-4824
Why Dialpad
Voice Intelligence
Customers
Enterprise
Trust
App Marketplace
Products
Dialpad Talk
Dialpad Sell
Dialpad Support
UberConference
Phones & Devices
Features
Pricing
About
Company
Careers
Partners
Press
Legal
Contact Us
Resources
Webinars
Events
Blog
Resource Library
Help Center
Status Dashboard
FAQ
Do Not Sell My Info
Dialpad Apps
Android
iOS (iPhone)
iOS (iPad)
Chrome Extension
Mac and Windows
 2015 - 2020 DIALPAD is a trademark of Dialpad, Inc.
Select Language
English US

English UK
English AU