Egnyte - Terms of Service
Skip to main content
Platform
Egnyte Protect
Egnyte Connect
Egnyte Platform
Featured eBook
SMART CONTENT GOVERNANCE
The Power of the Modern, Cloud-based Office.Without Conflict or Compromise
GET THE EBOOK
See More In Our Resource Center
Solutions
Industries
Construction
Life Science
Finance
Media & Advertising
Healthcare
See All
Initiatives
Secure Collaboration
Infrastructure Modernization
Data Lifecycle Management
Regulatory Compliance
Data Governance
Featured Webinar
AVOID CLINICAL TRIAL DISRUPTIONS FROM
COVID-19
Watch Now
See More In Our Webinars
Resources
Resource Center
Webinars & Demos
Success Stories
Videos
Blog
Egnyte University
Egnyte Community
Professional Services
Technical Support
Customer Story
HAKKASAN OPTIMIZES GLOBAL OPERATIONS WITH EGNYTE
LEARN MORE
See More In Our Success Stories
Partners
Business
Partners
MSP Program
Program Details
Program FAQs
Technology
Partners
Apps & Integrations
Developer Toolkit
Featured eBook
SECURE REMOTE ACCESS TO FILES - NO VPN REQUIRED
GET THE EBOOK
See More In Our Resource Center
Pricing
Free Trial
Contact Us
Contact US Slide
Contact Sales
×
X
Join our Technology Partner Program!
Login
Search Placeholder
Search
Terms of Service
(Last revision  May 1, 2018)
This Terms of Service Agreement (Terms) are between you
(you or Customer) and Egnyte, Inc. ("Egnyte, "we, "us, or
"our). Please read them carefully because together with your order of
Egnyte Services, these Terms form an agreement between you and Egnyte
(Agreement). These Terms govern your initial purchase as well as any
future purchases made by you that reference these Terms. These Terms
apply whether your purchases are made directly from Egnyte or through
Egnytes authorized resellers (each, a Reseller).
By clicking on the I agree (or a similar) button that
is presented to you at the time of your order, or by using, registering
for, or accessing the Services described herein, you indicate that you
have the power to form a contract with Egnyte and are agreeing to be
bound by these Terms. If you are using the Services on behalf of an
organization, unless that organization has a separate paid contract in
effect with us, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization,
and representing to Egnyte that you have the authority to bind that
organization to these Terms (in which event, you and you will refer
to the organization). If you are using the Services on behalf of an
organization that has a separate paid contract in effect with us, the
terms of that contract will govern your use. Note that our Services are
not intended for and may not be used by people under the age of 13. By
using our Services, you are representing to us that you are over 13
years of age.
These Terms may be modified from time to time,
though any such modifications shall only be applicable at the date of
renewal of your Agreement with Egnyte. The date of the most recent
revisions will appear on this page, so please check back periodically.
Your use of or continued access to the Services after renewal
constitutes your acceptance of those changes, whether or not you have
reviewed them. If you do not agree to changes to the Terms, you must
terminate the Agreement in accordance with these Terms effective as of
the end of your Subscription Term.
1. Definitions.
Account means an account created by you or on your behalf within the Services.
Administrator means i. with respect to the Egnyte
Connect Service, the Power Users appointed by Customer to have
administrative rights to the Egnyte Connect Service including to add
licenses, cancel licenses and define the scope of the Egnyte Connect
Service, and ii. with respect to the Egnyte Protect Service, those
individuals identified by Customer to have the ability to interface
directly with the Egnyte Protect Service.
Connector means the Egnyte configured agent through
which the Egnyte Protect Service will access Customers content
repositories.
Content means files, materials, data, text, audio, video, images or other content.
Content Repository Users or CRUS means individuals
existing in a content repository whose Content will be scanned under the
Egnyte Protect Service in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
Documentation means the written materials describing
the functionality, operation, and use of the Services that Egnyte
provides or makes generally available to customers of the Services,
including material located at
https://helpdesk.egnyte.com/hc/en-us .
Egnyte Connect Service is a service enabling secure
file sharing, editing, and collaboration for content stored in private
datacenters and/or through a cloud-based repository.
Egnyte Protect Service is a content governance service
that monitors pre-defined content repositories to identify potential
corporate-wide access control problems within them.
Order Form means Egnytes then-current standard form setting forth the Services, fees and payment terms.
Services refers, collectively, to Egnytes hosted i.
Connect Service and ii. Protect Service, the applicable features of
which are more specifically described in the Order Form.
Subscription Term means the period of Services as
identified on the Order Form or identified by Customer during Egnytes
online Services registration process.
User means an individual authorized by Customer to be a
Power User or a Business Partner User of the Egnyte Connect Service, as
follows:
Power User means an individual authorized by
Customer who is an employee, consultant, or contractor of Customer. An individual who is a third party but requires Power User functionality
may also be provisioned with a Power User license. Business Partner User also referred to as a
Standard User, means an individual other than a Power User. For clarity,
an employee, consultant, or contractor of Customer may not use a
Business Partner User license. This Agreement contains certain provisions that are
unique only to the Egnyte Connect Service or Egnyte Protect Service. Those provisions are only binding and enforceable to the extent that
Customer has purchased a subscription to said Services.
Section
headings are provided for general reference only, and are not probative
in interpreting the meaning of any provisions hereunder.
2. Availability and Use of the Services.
Services.
General: Egnyte will make the Services available
to Customer during the Term of this Agreement for its business purposes
solely through any Account registered to Customer and in accordance with
the Order Form placed with Egnyte. Any changes in the quantity or type
of Services are subject to separate mutual, written agreement of the
parties.
For clarity, the Services are not for resale. Egnyte Protect Service: Egnyte Protect Service
modules included in the base service are known as Access Control and
Content Classification.
Customer shall be responsible for configuring
these modules per Customer requirements, all in accordance with and
subject to the functionalities offered by Egnyte in such modules.
Egnyte Connectors included in the Egnyte Protect Service are those
Connectors certified in writing for usage by Egnyte and which Customer
has identified for provisioning in connection with its content
repositories.
Access to the Services. Egnyte provides its Services
in a hosted, cloud-based format. Egnyte makes the Egnyte Clients
available to Customer, including Administrators and Users solely as an
ancillary tool for accessing the Services.
Customer acknowledges that,
from time to time, Egnyte may issue updates to the Egnyte Clients (for
example, to address security vulnerabilities, upgrade the protocol,
improve usability or performance, and upgrade features). In that event,
in order for Customer to best utilize the Services, either Customer will
be offered the ability to upgrade the version of the Egnyte Clients
which are currently running or they will be automatically upgraded by
Egnyte.
Egnyte Clients means the applications that are installed on
Customers local server, desktop, mobile or other device (for example,
mobile apps, desktop apps, and group apps) and that enable a User or
Administrator to engage with the Services. Provision of Support. Egnyte will provide support as
described in the Order Form. Egnyte may change its support model from
time to time on written notice to Customer (which may include posting
such changes on Egnytes customer support website) as long as the level
of support is not materially less than that described in the Order Form
as of the effective date of the Order Form. Security Measures and Backup Procedures. Egnyte will
comply with the data protection and information security procedures
described in Egnytes
Data Protection Addendum . The
Data Protection Addendum
may be updated from time to time on written notice to reflect
enhancements in the security and availability of the hardware and
software cloud infrastructure used to provide the Services. To provide
availability and redundancy of Customer Content, Egnyte maintains copies
of the Content across two data centers at all times. 3. Your Responsibilities relating to Use of the Services.
Content. Customer (i) is responsible for the accuracy
and quality of the Content; (ii) will ensure that the Content complies
with this Agreement and applicable laws; (iii) will promptly handle and
resolve any notices and claims from a third party claiming that any
Content violates such partys rights, including regarding take-down
notices pursuant to the U.S. federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act,
and (iv) will ensure that any and all necessary permissions are secured
to enable Egnyte to access, copy and/or use Content as necessary to
perform the Services including, but not limited to, consent of Users to
process Content in general and any personal data in particular (and
Customers signature on this Agreement confirms that Users consent has
been secured). Absent a binding legal order, Egnyte does not access a
Customers Account for the purpose of monitoring Content transmitted
through the Egnyte Connect Service. Passwords and Accounts. Customer is responsible for
all activities conducted under its User and Administrator logins, and
for safeguarding the confidentiality of the User/Administrator names and
passwords. Egnyte will have no liability to Customer or any third party
as a result of any unauthorized disclosure or access to Customers
Account or Content as a result of Customer, Administrator or User misuse
or loss, or the theft of, any password or username. Customer will
provide Egnyte with prompt written notice regarding any unauthorized use
of an Account, Content or the Services of which Customer becomes aware,
and will take all steps necessary to terminate such unauthorized use.
In addition, Customer will provide Egnyte with any cooperation and
assistance reasonably requested by Egnyte related to any such
unauthorized use. Use Restrictions. Customer will comply with, and
ensure its Users comply with, this Agreement. In addition, Customer and
its Users and Administrators will not: (i) use the Services in any
manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted by this
Agreement including, without limitation, allowing Users who are to be
classified as Power Users in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
to use Business Partner User logins to the Egnyte Connect Service, (ii)
allow multiple individuals to utilize the same User login credentials,
(iii) resell, sublicense, lease or otherwise make the Services available
to any third party; (iv) modify, copy or create derivative works based
on the Services; (v) reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile the
Services, or attempt to derive source code from the Services; (vi)
remove, obscure or alter any proprietary right notice related to the
Services;
(vii) use the Egnyte Connect Service to send unsolicited or
unauthorized junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any
other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages; (viii) store or
transmit Content: (A) containing unlawful, defamatory, threatening,
pornographic, abusive, or libelous material, (B) containing any material
that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, or
(C) that violates the intellectual property rights or rights to the
publicity or privacy of others; (ix) use the Services to store or
transmit viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses or other harmful or
malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs; (x) interfere with
or disrupt use of the Services by other Egnyte customers or to other
servers or networks connected to the Services, or violate the
regulations, policies or procedures of such other networks; (xi) access
or attempt to access Egnytes other accounts, computer systems or
networks not covered by this Agreement, through password mining or any
other means; (xii)
access or use the Services in a way intended to
avoid incurring fees or exceeding usage limits or quotas; or (xiii) use
the Services, or permit their use, for purposes of product evaluation,
benchmarking or other comparative analysis intended for publication
without Egnytes prior written consent. Notices. You acknowledge that once you have registered
with us, we may send you communications or data regarding the Services
using electronic means. These may include, but are not limited to (i)
notices about your use of the Services, including any notices concerning
violations of use, (ii) updates to the Services, (iii) materials
regarding Egnyte's products and services, and (iv) information the law
requires us to provide. We give you the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving certain of these communications from us by following the
opt-out instructions provided in the message. However, even if you
opt-out, you understand that we may continue to provide you with
required information by email at the address you specified when you
signed up for the Services or via access to a website that we identify.
Notices we email to you will be deemed given and received when the email
is sent. If you provide Egnyte with legal notices, you must transmit it
to us via email to
legal@Egnyte.com , with a duplicate copy sent via
registered mail, return receipt requested, to the following address:
Egnyte, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 1350 W. Middlefield Road, Mountain
View, California 94043. Any such notice, in either case, must
specifically reference that it is a notice given under these Terms. Third Party Services and Content. All transactions
using the Services are between the transacting parties only. The
Services may contain features and functionalities linking or providing
you with certain functionality and access to third party content,
including Web sites, directories, servers, networks, systems,
information and databases, applications, software, programs, products or
services, and the Internet as a whole. You acknowledge that Egnyte is
not responsible for such content or services. We may also provide some
content to you as part of the Services. However, Egnyte is neither an
agent of any transacting party nor a direct party in any such
transaction. Any of those activities, and any terms associated with
those activities, are solely between you and the applicable third-party. 4. Fees and Payment.
Purchases through Resellers. If you purchase Services
through a Reseller, i. the scope of Services will be as stated in the
Order Form placed with Egnyte on your behalf by the Reseller, ii.
Reseller has sole responsibility for the accuracy of the Order Form,
iii. you owe payment to the Reseller as agreed between you and the
Reseller, and iv. the payment terms described in this Section will not
apply to you. You acknowledge, however, that we may terminate your
rights to use the Services and discontinue Services if we do not receive
our corresponding payment from the Reseller. A Reseller is not
authorized to make any promises or commitments on Egnytes behalf, and
Egnyte is not bound by any obligations to you other than those specified
in these Terms. Fees. You agree to pay, using a valid credit card (or
other form of payment which we may accept from time to time), the
charges and fees (such as recurring monthly or annual fees) set forth in
the applicable Order Form (if any) or on our website (collectively,
Fees) and any applicable Taxes (as defined below). You will pay Fees
in the currency we quoted for your account (and we reserve the right to
change the quoted currency at any time). We will automatically charge
your credit card or invoice and collect payment in an alternative method
at the start of the billing period and at the start of each renewal
period. Except as specifically set forth in this Section, the Services
are prepaid for the period selected (monthly, annually or otherwise)
and are non-refundable . This includes Accounts that are renewed. Fees for Upgrade. If you upgrade or expand consumption
of the Services (for example, to obtain additional storage, User
access, additional CRUS, features or functionality to the Services)
(collectively referred to as a Service Upgrade), additional fees will
be due at Egnytes then-current pricing. Those fees will be immediately
charged and/or invoiced as noted in Section 4.b above and will be due
and payable for the entire month in which the Service Upgrade occurred
and any remaining period under the then current Subscription Term (if
longer than monthly, and with the Services Upgrades to be coterminous
with the end of such Subscription Term). Fee Increases. We will notify you 45 days in advance,
either through a posting on our website or by email to the address you
have most recently provided to us, if we increase fees or institute new
charges or fees. Any new charges or increase in fees will take effect at
the beginning of the next renewal Subscription Term. For example, if
you pay monthly, your use of the Services will be charged at the new
price when the Services are renewed in the month that follows the last
day of the above notice period. If you do not agree to these changes,
you must cancel and stop using the Services in accordance with the
termination provisions of the Agreement. Invoicing and Payment Terms. You agree to keep all
information in your billing account current. In the event that we
invoice you, then all fees will be due and payable upon receipt, unless
otherwise indicated on your Order Form. We reserve the right to charge,
and you agree to pay, a late fee on past due amounts. The late fee will
be equal to the lesser of 1.5% of the unpaid amount each month or the
maximum amount allowed by applicable law. We may use a third party to
collect past due amounts. You must pay for all reasonable costs we incur
to collect any past due amounts, including reasonable attorneys' fees
and other legal fees and costs. In addition, we may suspend your access
to the Services or cancel the Services if your account is past due five
days after Egnyte provides you with written notice of a past due
invoice. Taxes. Fees are exclusive of Taxes and you agree to
pay or reimburse Egnyte for all Taxes arising out of this Agreement. For
purposes of this Agreement, Taxes means any sales, use, withholding
and other taxes (other than taxes on Egnytes income), export and import
fees, customs duties and similar charges applicable to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement that are imposed by any government or
other authority. You will promptly provide Egnyte with legally
sufficient tax exemption certificates for each taxing jurisdiction for
which you claim exemption.
In the event any government or authority
imposes withholding taxes on Egnytes fees, you shall increase the
amount of fees payable to Egnyte in a manner such that Egnyte receives
the full amount of committed fees. 5. Professional Services.
General. Customer may wish to receive certain
professional services from Egnytes dedicated professional services
team.
Such services may include a rollout plan, project management,
data and permissions migration, integrations, and customizations, all as
described in a mutually agreed upon Statement of Work (SOW)
accompanying the applicable Order Form. To the extent payment terms are
not specified in the SOW, the payment terms in the Agreement shall
apply. Deliverables, Ownership. (i) Unless otherwise set
forth in the applicable SOW, Egnyte shall own all rights, title and
interest in and to the Deliverables (excluding any Customer Property,
defined below), and related intellectual property rights. Subject to
terms and conditions of the Agreement, and during the Subscription Term,
Egnyte hereby provides Customer with a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable and terminable license to use the Deliverables solely
for Customers internal operations in connection with its authorized use
of the Services. (ii) Nothing herein shall be construed to assign or
transfer any intellectual property rights in the proprietary tools,
libraries, know-how, techniques and expertise used by Egnyte to develop
the Deliverables, and to the extent such items are delivered with or as
part of the Deliverables, they are licensed, not assigned, to Customer,
on the same terms as the Deliverables. (iii) Customer shall own all
rights, title and interest in and to any Customer Property. Customer
Property means any technology, Customer-specific business processes, or
deliverables, specifically as such materials are designated as
Customer-owned property in a SOW. Egnyte shall have the right to use any
such Customer Property solely for the purpose of providing the
professional services to Customer hereunder and as set forth in the
applicable SOW. Professional Services Warranty. In regards to
professional services only, Egnyte warrants that: (i) it and each of its
employees, consultants and subcontractors, if any, that it uses to
provide and perform the professional services has the necessary
knowledge and experience to perform the professional services in
accordance with this SOW; and (ii) the professional services will be
performed for and delivered to Customer in a professional and
workmanlike manner in accordance with the laws and regulations
applicable to the performance of such professional services. Customer
acknowledges that Egnytes ability to successfully perform professional
services is dependent upon Customers provision of timely information,
access to resources, and participation. If the professional services do
not conform to the foregoing warranty, Egnyte will, without prejudice to
its other rights and remedies under this Agreement or at law,
re-perform the non-conforming portions of the professional services at
no cost to Customer. 6. Confidentiality.
Confidential Information Defined. "Confidential
Information" means all confidential and proprietary information of a
party ("Disclosing Party") disclosed to the other party ("Receiving
Party"), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as
confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential
given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure,
including the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including pricing
and other terms reflected in the Order Form), the Content, the Services
(including the Egnyte Clients), business and marketing plans,
technology and technical information, product designs, and business
processes. Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party includes any
information the Disclosing Party has received from others which the
Disclosing Party is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary.
Confidential Information will not include any information that, in each
case without breach of any obligation owed to Disclosing Party: (i) is
or becomes generally known to the public; (ii) was known to Receiving
Party prior to its disclosure by Disclosing Party; (iii) was
independently developed by Receiving Party; or (iv) is received from a
third party who is not subject to an obligation of confidentiality
vis-à-vis Disclosing Party. Obligations regarding Confidential Information.
Receiving Party will not use or disclose any Confidential Information of
Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement,
except with Disclosing Party's prior written consent. Receiving Party
will protect the confidentiality of Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information in the same manner that it protects the confidentiality of
its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event using
less than reasonable care). Receiving Party will promptly notify
Disclosing Party if it becomes aware of any actual or reasonably
suspected breach of confidentiality of Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information. The Data Protection Addendum referenced in Section 2.d
above contains additional terms pertaining to security breaches. For purpose of clarification, in no manner are the
non-disclosure/non-use provisions contained herein intended to constrain
Egnyte in responding in the normal course to Customers or Users
instructions while utilizing the functionalities of the Egnyte Connect
Service (i.e. a User can instruct the Egnyte Connect Service to share
Content with a third party outside of Customers organization and Egnyte
will not have a duty to monitor the Content for confidentiality
considerations). Egnyte will process Content only in accordance with
Customers and Users instructions. Compelled Disclosures. If Receiving Party is compelled
by law to disclose Confidential Information of Disclosing Party,
Receiving Party will provide Disclosing Party with prior notice of such
compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable
assistance, at Disclosing Party's cost, if Disclosing Party wishes to
contest the disclosure. The Receiving Party will (i) take reasonable
steps to limit any such provision of Confidential Information to the
specific Confidential Information required by such court or agency, and
(ii) continue to otherwise protect all Confidential Information
disclosed in response to such order, subpoena, regulation or process of
law.
Except for such required disclosure, the Confidential Information
will remain subject to the terms of this Agreement and may only be
disclosed as set forth in this Section 6. Injunctive Relief. If Receiving Party discloses (or
threatens to disclose) any Confidential Information of Disclosing Party
in breach of confidentiality protections hereunder, Disclosing Party
will have the right, in addition to any other remedies available to it,
to seek injunctive relief to enjoin such acts (without the need for the
posting of a bond or other guarantee), it being acknowledged by the
parties that any other available remedies are inadequate. Return of Confidential Information. Upon any
termination of this Agreement, Receiving Party will continue to maintain
the confidentiality of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information and,
upon request, return to Disclosing Party or destroy (at Disclosing
Party's election) all materials containing such Confidential
Information.
The aforementioned only pertains to Confidential
Information transferred from one party to the other not within the usage
of the Service; the destruction of Content on termination is governed
by the terms of Section 11.d below. 7. Ownership.
Ownership by Customer.
As between Customer and
Egnyte, Customer or its licensors own all right, title and interest in
and to the Content provided, transmitted or processed through, or stored
in, the Services. Customer hereby grants Egnyte the right to transmit,
use, modify, adapt, reproduce, display or disclose the Content solely
(i) to provide the Services to Customer or any User, (ii) to comply with
any request of a governmental or regulatory body (including subpoenas
or court orders) or as otherwise required by law, (iii) for statistical
use (provided that such data is not personally identifiable), and (iv)
as necessary to monitor and improve the Services and corresponding
support. Customer represents and warrants that Customer has all rights
in the Content necessary to grant these rights and use the Services, and
that the transmission, storage, retrieval, and processing of the
Content do not violate any law. Ownership by Egnyte.
As between Egnyte and Customer,
Egnyte or its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to the
Services (including all hardware, Egnyte Clients and other items used to
provide the Services), including all intellectual property rights in
any of the foregoing. No title to or ownership of any proprietary rights
related to the foregoing is transferred to Customer or any User
pursuant to these Terms or any transaction contemplated by these Terms.
Egnyte reserves all rights not explicitly granted to Customer. Egnyte is
free to use any comments, suggestions, recommendations, and other
feedback you provide with respect to the Services for any purpose,
without obligation. 8. Warranty and Disclaimers of Warranty.
EGNYTE WARRANTS THAT THE SERVICES WILL PERFORM IN ALL
MATERIAL RESPECTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DOCUMENTATION.
EGNYTE MAY
MODIFY THE DOCUMENTATION IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AS LONG AS THE
FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL NOT BE MATERIALLY DECREASED DURING
THE THEN CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION TERM.
EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING WARRANTY
AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EGNYTE MAKES NO
OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. EGNYTE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE SECURE BEYOND ANY POSSIBLE
THREAT, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY
WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR
USAGE OF TRADE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING
EXCLUSIONS. IN SUCH AN EVENT, THESE EXCLUSIONS WILL NOT APPLY SOLELY TO
THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
9. Indemnification.
Indemnification by Egnyte.
Without derogating from
and subject to any of the other Terms, Egnyte will defend Customer from
and against all claims, suits or actions made or brought against
Customer by a third party (Claim) alleging that the Services infringe
the intellectual property rights of that third party, and will indemnify
Customer against any final judgment awarded (including reasonable
attorneys fees and costs) or final settlement made with respect to such
Claim which imposes a financial obligation on Customer. In addition to
Egnytes obligation of indemnification, if the Services become or, in
Egnytes opinion, are likely to become the subject of a claim of
infringement, Egnyte may, at its sole option and expense, either procure
for you the right to continue using the Services under the terms of the
Agreement or replace or modify the Services to be non-infringing
without material decrease in functionality. If neither of the foregoing
options is reasonably practicable, in Egnytes judgment, Egnyte may
terminate your access to the infringing Services and refund to you all
prepaid subscription fees for the remainder of the Subscription Term on a
pro rata basis. Egnyte will have no liability for any Claim to the
extent the Claim is based upon (i) the Content; (ii) the Services in
combination with any other product, service or device not furnished,
recommended or approved by Egnyte, if such Claim would have been avoided
without such combination; or (iii) your use of the Services other than
in accordance with the Agreement. This Section 9.a states your exclusive
remedy for any intellectual property claim against Egnyte regarding the
Services. Indemnification by Customer.
You agree to indemnify
Egnyte, its officers, directors, employees, and agents, against any
cost, loss, damage, or other liability arising from any third party
demand or claim that any Content provided by you, or your use of the
Services in breach of these Terms: (a) infringes any patent, trademark,
or copyright of a third party, or misappropriates a trade secret (to the
extent that such misappropriation is not the result of Egnyte's
actions) or (b) violates applicable law or these Terms. Egnyte will
provide you with notification of any such claim or demand that is
subject to your indemnification obligation. Indemnification Process. A partys obligation of
indemnification is subject to the party requesting the indemnification:
(i) promptly notifying the party providing the indemnification in
writing of the existence of a third party demand for which
indemnification is sought; (ii) granting the party providing the
indemnification sole control over the defense, negotiation, compromise
and settlement of any legal proceedings; and (iii) cooperating with the
party providing the indemnification with respect to any such legal
proceedings. The party requesting the indemnification may elect to
participate in any such legal proceedings with an attorney of its own
choice and at its own expense. 10. Limitation of Liability.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE
FOLLOWING APPLIES: (a) IN NO EVENT WILL THE LIABILITY OF EGNYTE, ITS
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS UNDER IT, INCLUDING THE
SERVICES, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FEES THAT YOU PAID US DURING THE PREVIOUS
TWELVE MONTH PERIOD, AND (b) IN NO EVENT WILL EGNYTE, ITS AFFILIATES,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT)
HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
EGNYTE HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME
STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
11. Term and Termination.
Term. The Agreement will commence on the date that the
Order Form is last signed by a party or the date of Customers online
registration for the Services, and will continue for the Subscription
Term designated in the Order Form or in the online registration process.
Unless a party provides the other party with at least 30 days written
notice of termination prior to the end of the Subscription Term (with
termination effective at the end of the Subscription Term), the
Agreement will automatically renew for the same Subscription Term as had
been in effect prior to the renewal (and, in the case of support, at
the same support level if that level is still offered by Egnyte) and
Egnyte will charge your payment information on file with us commencing
on the first day of the renewal Subscription Term. For a Customer
initiated termination in accordance with the above, Customer shall
follow the termination process set forth in the Account. If
Customer attempts to terminate the Agreement during a Subscription Term
other than for cause, Egnyte will not provide Customer with a refund
for any pre-paid fees ; this, without derogating from Egnytes
rights to bring a claim for all fees that Customer is committed to
paying under the Agreement, with all such fees accelerating and becoming
due on the date of termination. Suspension or Termination for Cause.
A party may
terminate this Agreement for cause immediately upon written notice: (i)
for a material breach of this Agreement by the other party if the breach
remains uncured 10 days after receipt of the initial written notice
setting forth the breach in reasonable detail or (ii) if the other party
becomes the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
liquidation, assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar
proceeding (except to the extent that a party is prohibited by law from
terminating under such conditions). Upon any termination for cause by
Customer, Egnyte will refund Customer any prepaid subscription fees for
the post-termination period on a pro rata basis. Additionally,
Egnyte reserves the right to temporarily suspend or terminate your
access to the Services for: (i) the use of the Services in a manner that
may cause Egnyte to have legal liability or disrupt others' use of the
Services; (ii) the detection of any malicious code, virus or other
harmful code in your Account; or (iii) your use of excessive storage
capacity or bandwidth. If circumstances allow, we will use commercially
reasonable efforts to notify you of the suspension or termination
through the Services. You acknowledge that if your access to the
Services is suspended or terminated, you may no longer have access to
the Content that is stored with the Services. Termination for Lack of Activity.
In addition to our
other rights of termination, if your Account is not currently subject to
a paid subscription plan with us, we may terminate your Account if: (i)
you do not engage in any activity in the Account within 30 days after
registering for the Services, (ii) your trial has concluded and you do
not convert to a paid Services plan, or (iii) you do not engage in any
activity in an Account for 120 consecutive days. In the event of such
termination, any or all of your Content may be lost. Post-Termination Obligations. Within ninety days of
termination of the Agreement for any reason, Egnyte will destroy all
copies of Content that remain within Egnytes Services infrastructure. Survival. The provisions of these Terms that by their
nature are intended to extend beyond termination will survive
termination of this Agreement for any reason. 12. General Provisions.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The Agreement will be
construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of
the State of California, without reference to its choice of law rules.
Any dispute between the parties will be brought exclusively in a court
in Santa Clara County and each party irrevocably waives any claim that
such court does not have personal jurisdiction over the party. Government Users. If you are a U.S. government entity, you acknowledge that any Egnyte Clients and Documentation are provided
as Commercial Items as defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, and are being
licensed to U.S. government end users as commercial computer software
subject to the restricted rights described in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and
12.212. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent
contractors, and no partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency,
fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties is created
hereby. Egnyte may subcontract portions of the Services in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Data Protection Addendum referenced in
Section 2.d above. Waiver. No failure or delay in exercising any right
hereunder will constitute a waiver of such right. Except as otherwise
provided, remedies provided in this Agreement are in addition to, and
not exclusive of, any other remedies of a party at law or in equity. If
any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision will be modified by
the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the
original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the
remaining provisions will remain in effect. Assignment. You may not assign these Terms or your
rights and obligations under them, in whole or in part, to any third
party without our prior written consent, and any attempt by you to do so
will be invalid. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the
other for any delay or failure to perform its obligations under this
Agreement (excluding payment obligations) if the delay or failure arises
from any cause or causes beyond that partys reasonable control
including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war or acts of
terrorism, industry-wide labor disruptions, Internet outages and
governmental decrees. Public Announcement. Egnyte reserves the right to
release a press announcement of the execution of the Agreement and to
include Customers name on Egnytes customer lists and in its marketing
materials, including on Egnytes websites; provided, however, that
Egnyte will first coordinate any such actions with Customer. Entire Agreement. These Terms, as well as the Order
Form or other online Services initiation process that we employ,
constitute the entire Agreement between you and Egnyte, and supersede
and replace any other prior or contemporaneous agreements and
understandings with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement,
including any non-disclosure agreement (with the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement to govern any prior disclosures of
Confidential Information).
Additional terms pertaining to Egnytes
commitment to privacy can be found in its online
Privacy Policy . These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights. DMCA.
We respect the intellectual property of others,
and reserve the right to delete or disable Content that appears to
violate these terms or applicable law. The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who
believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights
under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that Content
infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice
requesting that the Content be removed or access to it blocked. Federal
law requires that your notification include the following information:
(i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been
infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are
covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at
that site; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be
infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be
removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably
sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) information
reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address,
telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; (v) a statement
that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the
manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the
notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed. The notification must be sent to:
Egnyte Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
1350 W. Middlefield Road.
Mountain View, California 94043 security@egnyte.com
We provide the above contact information for purposes of the DMCA only and reserve the right to respond only to correspondence that is relevant to this purpose.
US: 1-877-734-6983
EMEA: +44.020.3356.3714
About
About Us
Leadership
Investors
Offices
Careers
Support
Professional Services
Support Packages
Technical Support
Egnyte Community
News
Egnyte in the News
Press Releases
Events
Newsletters
Press Kit
Fine Print
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Compliance
© 2020 Egnyte, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Resources Footer
Enterprise File Sharing
Full Features
Secure File Sharing
Small Business
Cloud File Server