Terms of Service   Grand Rounds
Members
Employers
 Healthcare Navigation
 Telemedicine+
 Expert Medical Opinion
 Why Choose Us
Consultants
Providers
Member Stories
Blog
Newsroom
About
Careers
Tech Blog
Overview
Healthcare Navigation
Telemedicine+
Expert Medical Opinions
Why Choose Us
1-800-929-0926
Members
Employers
Consultants
Terms of Service
Effective date: December 17, 2019
Welcome, and thank you for visiting https://grandrounds.com/ or an associated mobile
application or microsite (we will call any of these this Site). Please read these Terms of Use (Terms) carefully before using this Site. By using and or visiting this Site, you signify your assent to both these Terms and the terms and conditions of the Grand Rounds Privacy Policy, which is published at
https://grandrounds.com/privacy , and which is incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use this Site.
These Terms govern your use of our Site, as well as the services (Services) available to users through the Site. Grand Rounds, Inc. (the Company, we, us and our) contracts with Grand Rounds Florida, P.A. and its affiliates (collectively, Grand Rounds Medical Group and GRMG) regarding online consultations.
Update To These Terms and Conditions
The Site is owned and operated by the Company in association with Grand Rounds Medical Group. The Company reserves the right to revise or remove any part of the Terms in its sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you by updating this posting. Thus, you should visit this page periodically for changes. This Site is continually under development and changes to this Site may be made at any time. Any changes to the Terms are effective upon posting to this Site. If you disagree with the Terms, your sole remedy is to discontinue your use of this Site. Your continued use after a change has been posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
The Company
The Company does not engage in the practice of medicine. For those services that require the practice of medicine, the Company contracts with GRMG, an independent, physician owned medical group with a network of United States based providers (Providers) who provide telehealth services and medical advice via the Site. Such Providers are not employed by the Company. Such Providers are solely responsible for the quality and appropriateness of the care and advice they render to you. Neither the Company nor GRMG are insurance providers.
Risks of Telehealth Services
The purpose of the Services provided through the Site is to give physicians and their patients access to additional information which they may or may not choose to utilize in planning medical care. It is not a substitute for primary care and no physician-patient relationship is created by use of this Site.
The Services is limited. In some cases the online nature of the Service will make it difficult to verify a diagnosis (particularly with conditions that rely heavily on direct physician-patient interaction for accurate diagnosis). In those cases, the Service provided through the Site will focus on the assessment or recommendation of treatment options. The decision to focus on diagnosis, treatment recommendation(s), or both rests solely with the local treating physician.
The Service provided through this Site differs from the diagnostic services typically provided by a physician. The medical professionals providing Services through this Site will not have the benefit of information that would be obtained by examining you in person and observing your physical condition. Therefore, the medical professional providing services through this Site may not be aware of facts or information that would affect his or her opinion of your diagnosis. To reduce the risk to you of this limitation, the Company strongly encourages you to discuss the information gained from the Services with your treating physician. By deciding to engage the services of this Site, you acknowledge and agree that you are aware of this limitation and agree to assume the risk of this limitation. Furthermore, you agree and accept that: (i) the information you will receive is limited and provisional; (ii) the Services are not intended to replace a full medical evaluation or an in-person visit with a physician; (iii) the medical professionals providing Services through this Site do not have important information that is usually obtained through a physical examination; and (iv) the absence of a physical examination may affect the medical professionals ability to fully understand your condition, disease or injury.
You also agree that the Services will not be used in any legal dispute including but not limited to litigation, arbitration, claim for disability benefits, claim for workers compensation and/or malpractice claims without the prior written consent of the Company.
By requesting any service through the Site, you authorize us to collect your medical records on your behalf from any and all facilities that may have such records, store those records, and transmit them to the physician or physicians appropriate for your case.
Consent to Data Use
By submitting data to this Site, you affirmatively consent to its use and processing in the United
States as set forth in these Terms and the Grand Rounds Privacy Policy.
Privacy
Please see the
Grand Rounds Privacy Policy, which is published at
https://grandrounds.com/privacy
and incorporated herein, for additional information. We are constantly seeking to improve the quality of care. If you have requested a consultative service, a physician referral, or another service, we may use information about you to fulfill such request (including providing that information to third parties). We may also at any time review your case, your medical records from prior to and after your interaction with the Site, and any records created as a result of services received. We may share information about you, your care, and your use of services to your healthcare payor, or as necessary to implement plan designs described to you in your applicable health plan documentation, or on your request.
If your health plan provides incentives for utilization of services, we will share information required to implement such incentives. We may request courtesy notices from your treating physician(s) and/or request additional medical records from them, including records pertaining to care you received after receiving the services. We may review these records for, among other purposes, reviewing the quality of service you received, reviewing the quality of service provided by the physicians and medical professionals treating you (including the physicians and medical professionals to whom you may have received a referral), to better understand the course of treatment for your condition(s) including information regarding outcomes and costs, and to improve treatments and recommendations for people with similar or different conditions. We will take care to minimize personally identifying information in this process. We may also use anonymous information gathered, including information from your medical records, to generate conclusions about the healthcare process, particular conditions, and other matters. We and our affiliated physicians and researchers may publish this anonymous information in journals, websites and other locations. However, we will not publish your name or any identifying information about you; we will use only anonymous data for any public purpose.
We may be required by law to turn over certain information to law enforcement, or to respond to civil subpoenas and other legal process. By using this Site you acknowledge such risks. Additionally, we may voluntarily provide information to law enforcement or investigative agencies regarding suspected disruptive or destructive uses of the Site, such as Denial-of-Service attacks, credit card fraud, and other matters.
As part of your access to information about your health through Grand Rounds, your health savings account (HSA) or flexible savings account (FSA) administrator, may provide information related to your HSA and FSA to Grand Rounds so that Grand Rounds can show your balance and advise you as to the cost of care. This information may include, but is not limited to, your HSA and FSA cash balance, HSA investment balance, HSA and FSA transactions including contributions and distributions, and other information necessary to assist you with the administration and usage of your HSA and/or FSA. If you do not agree to your HSA/FSA administrator
providing this information to Grand Rounds, please opt-out by contacting your HSA/FSA administrator. If you are unsure as to who your HSA/FSA administrator is, please contact Grand Rounds at 800-929-0926.
Registration
You are not obligated to register with the Company in order to access this Site. However, certain services of this Site are available only to users who have registered with the Company or other persons affiliated with the Company who have been granted user IDs and passwords (Secure Users). If you are a Secure User, you agree to accurately provide, maintain and update any information about yourself that you have provided to the Company. If you do not maintain such information, or the Company has reasonable grounds to suspect as much, the Company has the right to suspend or terminate your account and your use of this Site. You may have as many active Secure User accounts on this Site as you may reasonably choose at any given time and only you may use your designated accounts to access the Site. You also agree to promptly notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your username, password or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to this Site by emailing the Company at
support@grandrounds.com . In addition, you agree to exit from your Secure User account at the end of each session. The Company explicitly disclaims liability for any and all losses and damages arising from your failure to comply with this section.
Children
This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use or access this Site at any time or in any manner. By using this Site, you affirm that you are over the age of 13. The Company does not seek through this Site to gather personal information from or about persons under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Site Security
Our Site requires users to create unique identifiers (such as a username and password) in order to log into many areas of the Site. We utilize these unique identifiers to verify the users identity and eligibility, in order to protect our members from the release of sensitive or personally identifiable information to unauthorized users. To help protect the privacy of data you transmit through this Site, where personally identifiable information is requested, we also use technology designed to encrypt the information that you input before it is sent to us using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology or similar encryption technology. In addition, Company takes steps to protect the user data we collect against unauthorized access. However, you should keep in mind that this Site and our Services are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control.
You must exercise caution, good sense and sound judgment in using this Site. You are prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security of this Site. Any such violations may result in criminal and/or civil penalties against you. The Company may investigate any alleged or suspected violations and if a criminal violation is suspected, the Company will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in their investigations.
In using this Site or any Services, you agree not to:
Send or otherwise transmit to or through this Site any unlawful, infringing, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, hateful or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, any material that can cause harm or delay to this Site or computers of any kind, and any unsolicited advertising, solicitation or promotional materials;
Misrepresent your identity or affiliation in any way;
Restrict or inhibit any person from using this Site, disclose personal information obtained from this Site or collect information about users of this Site;
Reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any section or technology on this Site, or attempt to do any of the foregoing;
Gain unauthorized access to this Site, to other users accounts, names, personally identifiable information or other information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to this Site;
Launch or use any automated system, including without limitation, robots, spiders, or offline readers, that access this Site in a manner that sends more request messages to our servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional web browser;
Send or otherwise transmit to or through this Site chain letters, unsolicited messages, so-called spamming or phishing messages, or messages marketing or advertising goods and services;
Post, transmit or otherwise make available any virus, worm, spyware or any other computer code, file or program that may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software or telecommunications equipment;
Violate any applicable laws or regulations or these Terms;
Use abusive, harassing or threatening language or make abusive, harassing, bullying or threatening communications toward any staff member, any physician, or any other user of the Site;
Create a hostile environment for any staff member, any physician, or any other user of the Site based on such persons race, age, national origin, disability, gender or reassignment thereof, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, marriage/partnership status, or pregnancy/maternity.
Alter or modify any part of the materials or Services offered on this Site; or
Assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above.
Any of the foregoing may result in actions including but not limited to termination of your access to the Site or any of the Services.
Our Intellectual Property Rights
The content on this Site, including without limitation, any text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, patents, interactive features, any trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein and any other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to this Site (collectively Materials) are owned by or licensed to the Company, subject to copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions.
No Materials from this Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written permission of the rights owner. You agree not to circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security related features of this Site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Materials or content. These Terms permit you to use the Site for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Modification of any Materials or use of any Materials for any other purpose is a violation of the copyrights and other proprietary rights of the Company, or of other entities or persons where so indicated, unless the Company or the owner has provided said Material for such express purpose. Permission for all other uses of Materials contained herein, including reproducing and distributing multiple copies or using Materials on any other website or networked computer or linking to any secured or private page at this Site must be obtained from the Company or the appropriate rights owner in advance; otherwise, such use is prohibited. Requests for such authorization from the Company should be submitted via an email to
support@grandrounds.com . All design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights associated with this Site, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and related goodwill, are proprietary to the Company.
Links to Other Websites
As you view this Site, you may see links to third-party websites. These links are for convenience only. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Certain of these linked websites may make use of the Companys proprietary intellectual property rights (such as copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names) under license from the Company. The Company is not responsible for the availability or content of these other websites or for any viruses or other damaging elements encountered in linking to a third-party website. In addition, providing links to these websites should not be interpreted as endorsement or approval by the Company of the organizations sponsoring such third-party websites or their products or services. These Terms do not apply to any other websites.
Third Party Interactions
Your interactions with entities or individuals found on or through this Site or the Services provided through the Site, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such entities or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third party. You are solely responsible for, and will exercise caution, discretion, common sense and judgment in, using this Site and disclosing personal information.
You agree that the Company nor GRMG shall be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between you and any third party, you understand and agree that the Company nor GRMG are under no obligation to become involved.
Privacy
As part of providing you with the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications such as appointment reminders, service announcements, privacy notices, administrative messages and other communications about the Services (Communications). These Communications are considered part of the Services and your account.
You understand that by checking the agree box for these Terms and/or any other forms presented to you on the Site you are agreeing to these Terms and that such action constitutes a legal signature. You agree that we may send to you Communications through electronic means including but not limited to: (1) by email, using the address that you provided to us during registration, (2) short messaging service (SMS) text message to the mobile number you provided us during registration (SMS Messages), (3) push notifications on your tablet or mobile device, or (4) by posting Communications on the Site. The delivery of any Communications from us is effective when sent by us, regardless of whether you read the Communication. You can withdraw your consent to receive Communications by deactivating your account. While secure electronic messaging is always preferred to insecure email, under certain circumstances, insecure email communication containing personal health information may take place between you and us. We cannot ensure the security or confidentiality of messages sent by email. Information relating to your care, including clinical notes and medical records, are stored on secure, encrypted servers maintained by us.
SMS Messages Terms and Conditions
The number of SMS Messages we send as part of our Communications will depend on the frequency of your use of the Services. You can stop receiving SMS Messages at any time by texting  STOP  to the number from which you receive communications. If you send the message  STOP  to us, we will send you a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed from SMS Messages. After this, you will no longer receive SMS Messages from us. If you text  HELP  to us, we will reply with instructions on how to receive SMS Messages as well as how to unsubscribe from SMS Messages.
About Our Data Providers
Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees have made reasonable efforts to validate that the information displayed is up to date and accurate. Please call the provider prior to scheduling an appointment to verify that the provider continues to be part of the network. Neither the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association nor any of its Licensees shall be liable for any losses, damages, or uncovered charges as a result of using this provider locator website or receiving care from a provider listed in this website.
Please review these additional terms that apply only to the use of AMA CPT codes. CPT codes are copyright 2018 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
CPT® Consumer Friendly Data are lay synonyms for CPT descriptors that are intended to help healthcare consumers who are not medical professionals understand clinical procedures on bills and patient portals. CPT® Consumer Friendly Data should not be used for clinical coding or documentation.
Fee schedules, relative value units, conversion factors and/or related components are not assigned by the AMA, are not part of CPT, and the AMA is not recommending their use. The AMA does not directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services. The AMA assumes no liability for data contained or not contained herein.
CPT is a registered trademark of the American Medical Association.
U.S. Government Rights. This product includes CPT and/or CPT® Consumer Friendly Data which are commercial technical data, which was developed exclusively at private expense by the American Medical Association (AMA), 330 North Wabash Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60611. The AMA does not agree to license CPT to the Federal Government based on the license in FAR 52.227-14 (Data Rights  General) and DFARS 252.227-7015 (Technical Data  Commercial Items) or any other license provision. The AMA reserves all rights to approve any license with any Federal agency.
Jurisdictional Issues
This Site is controlled and operated by the Company from our offices within California, United States of America. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Access to this Site from jurisdictions where the contents of this Site are illegal or penalized is prohibited.
Termination
The Company may terminate your use of this Site or any of our features or services at any time and for any reason without notice for conduct violating these Terms. The Company will terminate a users access to this Site and its features and services if, under appropriate circumstances, the user is determine to be a repeat infringer of third party rights or in breach of the Terms. Upon any such termination, you must destroy all Materials obtained from this Site and all copies thereof. The provisions of these Terms concerning Site security, prohibited activities, copyrights, trademarks, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnity and jurisdictional issues shall survive any such termination. You agree that if your use of this Site is terminated pursuant to these Terms, you will not attempt to use this Site under any name, real or assumed, and further agree that if you violate this restriction after being terminated, you will indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any and all liability that the Company may incur therefore.
Disclaimer
The materials in this Site are provided as is and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Company disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Company does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Company does not make any representations or warranties regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this Site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted under applicable law, under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall the Company, GRMG, any Provider or your payer / employer / healthcare group sponsor / health plan be liable for any compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this Site or the Materials on it, even if the Company, GRMG, any Provider or an authorized representative of the Company or GRMG has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Company and GRMG and its directors, officers, employees, agents and contractors harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of any provision of these Terms, or (ii) your activities in connection with this Site.
Owner and Data Controller
Grand Rounds, Inc.
360 3rd Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Owner contact email: legal@grandrounds.com
Credit Transactions
The Company does not accept payment in the form of cash, check, money order or insurance reimbursement. Major credit cards are the only accepted means of payment. When you pay by credit card, you authorize the Company to bill and charge the credit card indicated in your order for any fees and any other amounts provided for in your order as the same become due and payable. In the event that your credit card expires or the Company is otherwise unable to debit the applicable amounts from your credit card, the Company shall provide notice to you, whereupon you shall immediately furnish the Company with a valid credit card account number. Your request for services from this Site will not be fulfilled until full payment has been received and verified.
Other
By choosing to visit this Site or otherwise provide information to the Company and/or GRMG, you agree that any dispute over your use of this Site or these Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States of America. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with our Site in the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara County. You also agree to attempt to mediate any such dispute and to abide by all limitations of liability contained herein.
If any provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding these Terms, please submit your questions or complaints to
support@grandrounds.com . The Company will endeavor to respond to you promptly.
Blog
A Safe Return to Work Post-COVID-19, Part 2: Testing and Preparedness
To Test or Not to Test: What Should an Employer Do? Thoughts from an Epidemiologist
COVID-19: Transforming Healthcare with Navigation & Telemedicine
Upcoming Events
OneDigital Retention & Growth Summit
Medical Decision Support: The Future of Healthcare
Members
Employers
Consultants
Providers
About Us
Leadership
Blog
Newsroom
Member Stories
Careers
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy
Licensing
Download the Member App
We're excited to share
how it all works for you.
Request a demo to learn more about how you can get the best for your employees.
Request a Grand Rounds Demo
Thank you.
A representative will follow up with you as soon as possible.
Close