Terms of service   Klaviyo
Get the latest insights about the COVID-19 economy.
Klaviyo Logo
Why Klaviyo
Overview
Why Klaviyo
Customers
By Platform
BigCommerce
Commerce Cloud
Magento
Shopify
ShopifyPlus
WooCommerce
Direct Integrations
Features
Overview
Features Overview
What's New
All Features
Listen
To drive growth you need to build strong relationships with customers by listening for, collecting, and storing all of their important information.
Integrations
Forms & Personalization
Profiles
Analyze
For deeper customer insights that accelerate your business growth, you need resources to help you analyze trends and uncover opportunities.
Segmentation
Data Science
Reporting
Customer Analytics
Act
Only when you have listened to and analyzed your customers can you truly communicate more personally and stand out from the competition.
Automation
Social Advertising
Campaigns
SMS
Overview
Features Overview
What's New
All Features
Pricing
Customer Success
Overview
Onboarding
Customer Success
Help Center
Resources
Content
COVID-19 Insights
COVID-19 Strategies
Blog
Beyond Black Friday
Ready Set Grow
Teardowns
Learn
Webinars
Live Training
Events
Guides
Benchmark Reports
How One Wine Event Company Quickly Pivoted Its Business Model to Survive   Coronavirus Series
How to Keep Your Content Fresh During the Pandemic   Coronavirus Series
Request Demo
Sign Up
Log In
Terms of Service
Updated: December 30, 2019
These Terms of Service ( Terms of Service ), together with the EU Data Protection Addendum, if applicable pursuant to Section 6.3 below, and any on-line or written order form for the purchase of the Services (as herein defined) (each, a  Service Order ), collectively constitute a binding agreement between Klaviyo Inc. ( Klaviyo ) and you or the legal entity you represent ( Customer  or  you ). These Terms of Service also apply if you purchase a right to use the Services (as defined below) pursuant to a Service Order entered into between you and a Klaviyo-authorized agent, vendor, or reseller of the Services (an  Authorized Reseller ).
Customer desires to use Klaviyos online customer management, marketing, personalization, and analytics services presently offered or available, (the  Services ) using Klaviyos Customers instructions and other documentation of Klaviyo (the  Klaviyo Documentation ). The Services include using Klaviyo software to retrieve customer information from customer emails, websites and similar opt-ins, and transactions (the  Communications ), viewing data available from the Communications, using Klaviyos marketing platform to send messages to end customers through email and SMS text messages. The Services shall also include any required, usual, appropriate or acceptable methods to perform activities related to the Services, including (a) carrying out the Services or the business of which the Services are a part, (b) carrying out any benefits, rights and obligations related to the Services, (c) maintaining records relating to the Services, and (d) complying with any legal or self-regulatory obligations related to the Services.
Klaviyo will permit Customer to use the Services and the Klaviyo Documentation subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service. By using the Services, Customer agrees to all of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, including but not limited to the limitations on liability set forth herein. IF CUSTOMER DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, CUSTOMER IS NOT PERMITTED TO USE THE SERVICES.
1 SERVICES
1.1  Agreement to Provide Services . Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service and during the term of these Terms of Service, Klaviyo will provide to Customer access to the Services purchased through and described on the Klaviyo website at  www.klaviyo.com  and its sub domains (the  Klaviyo Site ), or purchased through an Authorized Reseller. Customers Services start on the date of the beginning of the Term as defined in Section 12. Customer understands and agrees that by using the on-line registration process and agreeing to the terms of these Terms of Service, Customer has made a binding selection of the type of Services to be provided and all associated specifications, prices, policies and documentation related to the delivery of the Services.
1.2  Service Orders . Each Service Order is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference and is subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between the terms of these Terms of Service and (i) the terms contained in any Service Order dated prior to June 15, 2018, the terms contained in these Terms of Service shall control, and (ii) the terms contained in any Service Order dated on or after June 15, 2018, the terms contained in such Service Order shall control. In the event of any conflict between the terms of these Terms of Service or a Service Order and any Customer-issued order form or purchase order, the terms of these Terms of Service and the applicable Service Order shall control.
2 MODIFICATIONS TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE
2.1 Klaviyo may modify these Terms of Service or any policy or other terms referenced in these Terms of Service including but not limited to the Privacy Policy and, if applicable, the EU Data Protection Addendum (collectively,  Additional Policies ) at any time by posting a revised version of the Terms of Service and the Additional Policies on the Klaviyo Site. Unless otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service, the revised terms shall be effective (a) fifteen (15) days after posting and/or notifying Customers of the changes (including through a notice submitted by Klaviyo to an Authorized Reseller to be then passed along to a Customer); or (b) upon Customers acceptance if Klaviyo or an Authorized Reseller provides a mechanism for Customers immediate acceptance of the revised terms, such as a click-through confirmation or acceptance button, whichever occurs first. Continued performance by Klaviyo of its obligations hereunder is adequate consideration for any such revisions. By continuing to use or receive the Services after the effective date of any revisions to these Terms of Service or any Additional Policies, Customer agrees to be bound by the revised Terms of Service or any revised Additional Policies. It is Customers responsibility to check the websites listed herein regularly for changes to these Terms of Service or the Additional Policies, as applicable. If Customer disagrees with any modifications to these Terms of Service, Customers sole and exclusive remedy shall be to terminate the receipt of Services in accordance with Section 12 herein.
3 LICENSE and Ownership
3.1  License . Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Klaviyo grants to Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license during the Term (as defined in Section 12), without the right to sublicense, to (i) use the software and other technology supplied by Klaviyo to enable Customer to receive or access the Services (the  Klaviyo Platform ) solely for the purposes of accessing and using the Services; and (ii) use the Klaviyo Documentation in connection with the Customers use of the Klaviyo Platform. Except for the limited licenses granted hereunder, Klaviyo reserves all rights not expressly granted and no such additional rights may be implied.
3.2  Ownership . Customer acknowledges that (i) all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including the Klaviyo Platform and Klaviyo Documentation therein, and all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names, service marks, slogans, logos, other trade-identifying symbols and other proprietary and intellectual property rights embodied therein or associated therewith, are and shall remain with Klaviyo or its third party licensors; (ii) no right or interest in the Services or the Klaviyo Platform is conveyed other than the limited licenses granted herein; (iii) the Services, the Klaviyo Documentation and the Klaviyo Platform are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws; and (iv) Klaviyo asserts that the Services, the Klaviyo Documentation and the Klaviyo Platform embody valuable confidential and secret information of Klaviyo or its licensors, the development of which required the expenditure of considerable time and money.
3.3  No Modification . Customer agrees that Customer shall not (i) modify or alter the Klaviyo Platform; (ii) create derivative works of the Klaviyo Platform; (iii) decompile, disassemble, decode or reverse engineer the Klaviyo Platform, translate the Klaviyo Platform or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, algorithms or internal ideas underlying the Klaviyo Platform or reduce the Klaviyo Platform by any other means to a human perceivable form; or (iv) bypass, delete or disable any copy protection mechanisms or any security mechanisms.
3.4  License to Customer Marketing Content . In connection with the Services, Customer grants Klaviyo and Third-Party Partner Site(s) a non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license during the Term to use Customers trademarks, trade names, service marks, slogans, logos, other trade-identifying symbols and all other marketing or promotional content provided by Customer to Klaviyo ( Customer Marketing Content ) in connection with the advertising, promotion and sale of Customers products, services or business, and to sublicense such Customer Marketing Content to third parties in connection with the provision of such Services. Customer acknowledges that any on-line coupon or similar marketing offer, deal or advertisement to market its products or services (each, an  Offer ) posted on Third-Party Partner Site(s) may not carry the Klaviyo trademark or branding. Customer further acknowledges and agrees that Klaviyo or its sublicensees may modify Customer Marketing Content in order to effectively provide the Services ordered in Klaviyos reasonable discretion, provided, that none of such modifications shall materially alter the terms of any Offer without Customers prior written consent.
3.5  Certain Other Obligations . Customer agrees that Customer (i) shall not sell, transfer, lend, provide or otherwise make available, or disclose to third parties, the Services or any components thereof; (ii) shall not obscure, alter or remove any notice of any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, logo, or other intellectual property or proprietary right designation appearing on or contained within the Services, the Klaviyo Platform, the Documentation or on any other Klaviyo materials; and (iii) shall take all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorized or improper use of the Services.
3.6  Non-Assertion of Claims . During the term of these Terms of Service, Customer will not assert, nor will Customer authorize, assist, or encourage any third party to assert, against Klaviyo or any related party, any patent infringement or other intellectual property infringement claim with respect to the Klaviyo Platform, Klaviyo Documentation or the Services.
3.7  Feedback and Comments . In the event Customer elects, in connection with any of the Services, to communicate to Klaviyo (either directly or through an Authorized Reseller) suggestions for improvements to the Services ( Feedback ), Klaviyo shall be entitled to use the Feedback without restriction and Feedback will not be treated as confidential to Customer. Customer hereby grants to Klaviyo a royalty-free, sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable worldwide license in and to the Feedback to use in any manner related to the operation of its business. In addition, Klaviyo hereby disclaims any and all liability for any comments, drawings, depictions, audio clips or other content made available on the Klaviyo Site by Customers of the Klaviyo Site generally ( Comments ). Further Klaviyo (i) shall have a royalty-free, sub licensable, transferable, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable license in and to such Comments to use in any manner related to the operation of its business, and (ii) reserves the right to remove any such Content from the Klaviyo Site immediately in its sole discretion.
4 FEES AND BILLING
4.1  Fees . In consideration for the provision of Services to Customer, Customer will pay to Klaviyo, or if Customer purchases a right to use the Service from an Authorized Reseller, then Customer will pay to such Authorized Reseller, all Services fees ( Fees ) due in advance according to the Service Order. Charges are exclusive of all applicable taxes, which may be billed to Customer in addition to the Fees. Klaviyo or Authorized Reseller will provide Customer fourteen (14) days advance notice for any increase in fees or addition of new fees for any existing Services. Customers continued use of the Services after a fee increase will constitute Customers agreement to the increase in service fees.
4.2  Billing, Invoicing and Payment Terms . Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, will, using Stripe (or other third party payment processors), charge Customer the Fees and applicable taxes for the Services rendered in advance for each billing period on or after the first day of such billing period. If Customer is paying by credit card or eCheck, (a) Customer hereby irrevocably authorizes Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, to charge the credit card or other payment method provided for any such amounts when due, (b) amounts due will be automatically charged, in advance, and (c) if Customers credit card expires, Customer hereby gives Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, permission to submit the credit card charge with a later expiration date. All billing disputes must be emailed to  success@klaviyo.com  within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the billing statement, and disputes not made within that time are waived by Customer. Late payments, including those resulting from credit card declines that the Customer has attempted to follow up on hereunder will accrue interest at a rate of one and one-half percent (1 1/2 %) per month, or the highest rate allowed by applicable law, whichever is lower. Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, reserves the right to have Customer complete a credit application to determine Customers creditworthiness as a condition of receiving further Services. If Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, must initiate a collections process to recover Fees due and payable hereunder, then Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, shall be entitled to recover from Customer all costs associated with such collections efforts, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees. In the event Klaviyo, or if applicable, the Authorized Reseller, delivers to Customer an invoice for any Fees or interest payments owed hereunder, such invoiced amounts shall be due within fourteen (14) days of the date of such invoice. In the event an account is past due and Customer requests to cancel per Section 12, Customer is required to pay for the month of service from their initial bill date decline.
5 USE OF THE SERVICE
5.1  Communications . Customer is responsible for obtaining and maintaining all of the appliances, hardware, software and services that Customer may need to access and use the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer must obtain and maintain, and pay all charges, taxes and other costs and fees related to, Internet access, telephone, computer, and other equipment, and any communications or other charges incurred by Customer to access and use the Services.
5.2  Customer Management . Customer is solely and fully responsible for complying with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Acts and applicable foreign and international laws pertaining to marketing messages, and Customer assumes full responsibility for ensuring that marketing messages are only sent to those who are legally eligible to receive them. Customers obligations with respect to customer management include those more fully described in Section 5.7 below.
5.3  Passwords and Account User Activity . Customer is responsible for protecting and safeguarding any keys, certificates, passwords, access codes, Customer IDs or other credentials and login information that have been provided to Customer or that are generated in connection with Customers use of the Services, including without limitation any Password that Customer provisions or causes to be provisioned to Customers employees, service providers, or other third parties authorized by Customer (collectively,  Passwords ). Customer will not disclose or make available any Passwords other than to Customers authorized employees, service providers, or other third parties authorized by Customer, and Customer shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to, or use of, the Passwords or the Services. Customer is solely and fully responsible for any use of or access to the Services using Passwords, any Security Incident (as defined below) caused by Customers employees, service providers or other third parties authorized by Customer, and all other activities that occur in connection with Passwords. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer is responsible for all charges and liabilities applicable to data and information transmitted to and stored under Customers account on the Services. In the event Customer believes the Passwords have been compromised, Customer is solely responsible for notifying Klaviyo immediately by email to  success@klaviyo.com .
For purposes of this Section 5.3, a  Security Incident  means unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of any data maintained by Klaviyo. Customer shall promptly notify Klaviyo by email to
privacy@klaviyo.com
of any suspicious activity in connection with the Services, which Customer detects or of which Customer becomes aware, that may indicate an actual or suspected Security Incident.
5.4  Downtime . Customer acknowledges that Customers access to and use of the Services may be suspended for the duration of any scheduled or unscheduled downtime or unavailability of any portion or all of the Services for any reason, including as a result of power outages, system failures or other interruptions, or any other acts, omissions or failures on the part of Klaviyo.
5.5  Suspension, Limitation or Termination . Klaviyo shall be entitled, without liability to Customer, to immediately suspend, terminate or limit Customers access to the Services at any time in the event (i) that Klaviyo determines, in its sole discretion, that the Services are being used in violation of applicable federal, state or local law or ordinance, these Terms of Service, or any agreement applicable to the Services; (ii) that Klaviyo, in its sole discretion, determines that the Services are being used in an unauthorized, inappropriate, or fraudulent manner; (iii) that Klaviyo determines that the use of the Services adversely affects Klaviyos equipment or service to others; (iv) Klaviyo is prohibited by an order of a court or other governmental agency from providing the Services; (v) of a denial of service attack or any other event which Klaviyo determines, in its sole discretion, may create a risk to the Services or to any other customers if the Services were not suspended; or (vi) of a security incident or other disaster that impacts the Services or the security of Customer Data. In addition, Klaviyo shall have the right to immediately deny or suspend access to the Klaviyo Platform or Services in the event Klaviyo, or if applicable, an Authorized Reseller, is not paid any amount due in connection with the Services or Customers breach or alleged breach of these Terms of Service. Without limiting the generality of Section 5, Klaviyo shall have no liability for any damages, liabilities or losses as a result of any suspension, limitation or termination of Customers right to use the Services in accordance with these Terms of Service.
5.6  Prohibited Activities . Customer may not use the Services (i) in violation of these Terms of Service, including usage that exceeds storage volume limits or other parameters and restrictions described on the applicable Service Order or on the Klaviyo Site; (ii) to infringe on, violate, dilute or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party or any rights of publicity or privacy; (iii) to violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including but not limited to the laws and regulations governing export/import control (including the Export Administration Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and country-specific economic sanctions programs implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control), unfair competition, anti-discrimination and/or false advertising); (iv) to store, or transmit throughout, defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening, or unlawfully harassing data; (v) to store or transmit obscene, pornographic or indecent data in violation of applicable law; or (vi) to introduce or propagate any unauthorized data, malware, viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, other malicious or harmful code. Customer may not use the Klaviyo Platform or Services in any application that may involve risks of death, personal injury, property damage or environmental damage. Customer may not interfere with or attempt to interfere with or disrupt the integrity, security, functionality or proper working of the Services or the Klaviyo Platform. Customer may not attempt to discover or use any license keys, access codes or similar information provided from time to time to Klaviyo. Customer may not attempt to discover, access, read, alter, destroy, or damage any programs, data or other information stored on or in connection with the Klaviyo Platform or Services by any other party. Customer may access the Services only through the interfaces and protocols provided or authorized by Klaviyo. Customer may not access the Klaviyo Platform or Services through unauthorized means, such as unlicensed software clients. Customer may not compile or use the Klaviyo provided materials or any other information obtained through the Services or the Klaviyo Platform for the purpose of spamming, unsolicited contacting of sellers or customers, or other impermissible advertising, marketing or other activities, including, without limitation, any activities that violate anti-spamming laws and regulations.
5.7  No Spam; Customers Obligation to Obtain Permission . Under the terms of the CAN-SPAM Act, as between Klaviyo and Customer, Customer is the sender of emails and is obligated to follow all legal requirements applicable to the sending of emails under CAN-SPAM, including but not limited to the prohibition against sending unsolicited emails to persons with whom Customer does not have a business relationship or who have not requested (opted-in) to Customers emails (Spam). As part of its agreement to these Terms of Service, Customer agrees to only send permission-based emails in connection with its use of the Services. Permission-based means that all recipients must have opted-in to receive email communications from Customer. Emails sent by Customer must include all information required by CAN-SPAM.
5.8  HIPAA Compliance . Customer agrees to not upload or incorporate into any customer lists, or otherwise provide to Klaviyo any protected health information of any kind within the meaning of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (HIPAA). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Customer is a covered entity under HIPAA, Customer agrees to contact Klaviyo at  legal@klaviyo.com  in order to request a business associate agreement (BAA) prior to using the Klaviyo Site or the Services. If Klaviyo agrees to enter into a BAA with Customer, Customer may provide protected health information to Klaviyo, subject to these Terms of Service and the terms of the BAA.
5.9  No Childrens Information . Customer agrees not to upload or incorporate into any customer lists, or otherwise provide to Klaviyo any information about individuals that Customer knows or has reason to know are under the age of 13. If Customer discovers that it uploaded, incorporated into any customer lists, or otherwise provided to Klaviyo any information about individuals that Customer knows or discovers are under the age of 13, Customer agrees to promptly remove such information from Klaviyos systems and notify Klaviyo of such occurrence.
5.10  Changes to the Services . Klaviyo has the right to change, modify, update, add to, discontinue or retire the Services and any aspect or feature thereof, including but not limited to, hours of availability, equipment needed for access or use, and the type and size of files that can be stored or transmitted. Klaviyo may provide notice of material changes to the Klaviyo Platform or Services by posting them on the Klaviyo Site. It is Customers responsibility to check the Klaviyo Site periodically to be informed of any changes. You understand and agree that Klaviyo may change the telephone number(s) and/or the credit card payment processing system. You agree that Klaviyo will not be liable for damages (including consequential or special damages) arising out of any such change and you hereby waive any claims with respect to any such change, whether based on contractual, tort or other grounds, even if Klaviyo has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
6 DATA PRIVACY
6.1  Customer Data . Customer warrants that Customer is the owner or legal custodian of, or otherwise has the right to provide to Klaviyo, all programs, data, information and other content transmitted via the Klaviyo Platform and hosted through the Services, including, without limitation, End Customer Data (as defined below) and the Customer Marketing Content (collectively, the  Customer Data ) and has the full authority to transmit and store the Customer Data through the Services. Customer hereby authorizes the storage of Customer Data by Klaviyo through the Services that Customer elects to transmit via the Klaviyo Platform. Customer acknowledges that Customer bears sole responsibility for adequate security, protection and backup of Customers Data on Customers equipment. Customer understands that the Services may store and backup files that are no longer usable due to corruption from viruses, software malfunctions and other causes, which might result in Customer restoring files that are no longer usable. Without limiting the generality of Section 6, Klaviyo will have no liability to Customer for any unauthorized access to, or use, alteration, corruption, deletion, destruction or loss of any of Customer Data on Customers equipment.
6.2  End Customer Data . In connection with Klaviyos performance of the Services, Klaviyo may collect online data from Customer or an Authorized Reseller and through the Klaviyo Platform regarding Customers customers (the  End Customer Data ). Further, Customer acknowledges that such End Customer Data may include personal information of Customers customers as well as data relating to Communications. Klaviyo will not retain, use, or disclose such End Customer Data for any purpose other than to provide the Services to Customer, or as otherwise directed by Customer or required by applicable law.
Klaviyo may create and derive from its provision of the Services anonymized and/or aggregated data that does not identify any Customer or End Customer, and use, publicize or share with third parties such data to improve Klaviyos products and services and for Klaviyos other lawful business purposes.
To the extent Customer authorizes a third party to access Customers End Customer Data, Customer shall be solely responsible for ensuring that such access complies with all applicable privacy or data protection laws, and that Customer has the necessary rights to authorize the access and has provided all required information and choices to Customers relevant customers.
To the extent that any privacy or data protection laws impose an obligation upon Klaviyo to comply with an individuals request for access to or correction of their personal information that is End Customer Data, Customer agrees that Customer shall satisfy such obligations. Klaviyo agrees that it shall forward any such individual requests that it receives to Customer and shall reasonably assist Customer, at Customers request and expense, to satisfy such obligations. Klaviyo will assist Customer in responding to individuals requests as set out in the FAQs available at
CCPA FAQ .
Klaviyo will provide other assistance to Customers in responding to individuals requests to the extent Klaviyo deems such appropriately limited and reasonable (Additional Assistance). Klaviyo reserves the right to require Customer to bear the costs of any assistance that Customer requests Klaviyo to provide in addition to the assistance set out in the FAQs and any Additional Assistance at Klaviyos then-current professional services rates, which shall be made available to Customer upon request. Customer agrees that it may be necessary for Klaviyo to access End Customer Data to respond to Customers request for assistance with any technical problems and/or queries. Customer shall hold Klaviyo, its subcontractors, suppliers and licensors harmless from any and all privacy or data protection claims relating to such access. Klaviyo may transfer End Customer Data to its successor or acquirer in a merger, acquisition or other consolidation, including without limitation the sale of all or substantially all of Klaviyos stock or assets or business to which these Terms of Service apply.
6.3  Applicability of EU Data Protection Addendum .  Customer acknowledges and agrees that if Customer uses (or instructs, permits, or enables any of Customers employees, contractors, partners, or customers to use) any of the Services, including the Klaviyo Platform, to collect, retrieve, send, store, host, transfer, or otherwise process or use any End Customer Data relating to any natural persons located in the European Union, then such activities shall be subject to the  EU Data Protection Addendum , which is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference.
7 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS
7.1  Authority . Customer represents and warrants that (i) Customer has full corporate right, power and authority to enter into these Terms of Service, (ii) the execution of these Terms of Service by and the performance of its obligations and duties hereunder do not and will not violate any agreement to which Customer is a party or by which Customer is bound, and (iii) when executed and delivered, these Terms of Service will constitute your legal, valid and binding obligation, in accordance with its terms.
7.2  Compliance with Law . In connection with the subject matter of these Terms of Service, Customer agrees to, and warrants and represents that it shall, comply with all applicable United States Federal and State, local, and foreign laws and regulations, including but not limited to any applicable laws that govern online promotions, offers, gift cards, coupons, and/or gift certificates, data privacy and protection, intellectual property, and the sending of electronic marketing messages (including but not limited to the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, and HIPAA.)
7.3  Validity of Offers . Customer warrants that any Offer shall not violate any laws or regulations and, upon claim by a customer whether on the Klaviyo Site or a Third-Party Partner Site or otherwise, shall be available for redemption by such customer. Customer agrees to comply with the Offer terms and conditions as set forth in a particular Offer or any other advertising or marketing terms or Offers made available to Customers end customers or potential end customers via the Services, and shall at all times honor the terms of any Offer offered or otherwise promoted via the Services. This Section 7.3 shall remain in effect, regardless of whether Customer is currently using the Services.
7.4  Applications and Customer Data . Customer represents and warrants: (i) that Customer is solely responsible for its Customer Data, including without limitation, the security of such Customer Data; (ii) that Customer has the necessary rights and licenses, consents, permissions, waivers and releases to use the Customer Data and to enable Klaviyo to use and disclose to Customer the Customer Data as intended by the parties under these Terms of Service and the terms of any applicable Service Orders; (iii) that Customer has a legally sufficient privacy policy or privacy notice that is made available to customers prior to their provision of any Personal Information to Customer or Klaviyo; (iv) that use by Klaviyo of Customer Data (a) does not violate, misappropriate or infringe any rights of Klaviyo or any third party, (b) does not constitute defamation, invasion of privacy or publicity, or otherwise violate any rights of any third party, and (c) is not designed for use in any illegal activity or does not promote illegal activities, including, without limitation, in a manner that might be illegal or harmful to any person or entity; or (iv) does not distribute, share, or facilitate the distribution of unauthorized data, malware, viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, or other malicious or harmful code.
7.5  Authorization and Account Information . Customer represents and warrants that: (i) the information Customer provides in connection with Customers registration for the Services is accurate and complete; (ii) if Customer is registering for the Services as an individual, that Customer is at least 18 years of age and has the legal capacity to enter into these Terms of Service; and (iii) if registering for the Services as an entity or organization, (a) Customer is duly authorized to do business in the country or countries and state and local jurisdictions where it operates, (b) the individual accepting these Terms of Service and completing the registration for the Services meets the requirements of subsection (ii) above and is an authorized representative of Customer, and (c) Customers employees, officers, representatives and other agents accessing the Services are duly authorized to access the Services and to legally bind Customer to these Terms of Service and all transactions conducted under Customers account.
8 LIMITED WARRANTY
8.1  Klaviyo Platform and Services . Klaviyo warrants solely to Customer that the Klaviyo Platform and the Services, when used in accordance with the terms of these Terms of Service, will function substantially in accordance with the Documentation. Klaviyo shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Services. Klaviyos sole obligation and Customers exclusive remedy hereunder with respect to any failure of the foregoing obligations shall be to use reasonable efforts to correct any such failure. Klaviyo shall have no obligation for any failure resulting from (i) content provided by or passed through Customer or third-parties in connection with the Services (including Customer Data); (ii) operating system or other technology modifications, changes or updates applied by the Customer; (iii) the use or combination of the Klaviyo Platform or the Services with any other software or hardware not supported by Klaviyo; (iv) causes external to the Klaviyo Platform or the Services, such as problems with the hardware, network or other infrastructure with which the Klaviyo Platform and the Services are used; (v) unauthorized or improper use of the Klaviyo Platform or the Services; or (vi) any modification of the Klaviyo Platform or the Services by anyone other than Klaviyo.
8.2  Disclaimer . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREUNDER, THE KLAVIYO PLATFORM AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. KLAVIYO HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, THE KLAVIYO PLATFORM, THE SERVICES OR THE OFFERS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF CUSTOMER ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Klaviyo does not warrant that the Klaviyo Platform or the Services will meet Customers requirements or operate without interruption OR DOWNTIME or be error free. Notwithstanding anything in these Terms of Service to the contrary, the warranties provided by Klaviyo hereunder with respect to the Klaviyo Platform or the Services may not be extended, supplemented or modified by an Authorized Reseller, and if an Authorized Reseller makes any additional warranty, representation or commitment regarding the Klaviyo Platform or the Services (or modifies an existing warranty, representation or commitment granted by Klaviyo regarding the Klaviyo Platform or the Services), the Authorized Reseller shall be solely responsible for any such additional warranties, representations or commitments or modifications.
9 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
9.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KLAVIYO, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, SUBCONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, VENDORS, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS, NOR ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PARTNERS, BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR LOST REVENUES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, RELIANCE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM CUSTOMERS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTYS USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF TECHNOLOGY, LOSS OF DATA OR INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF USE DAMAGES WHETHER OR NOT KLAVIYO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS. THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF KLAVIYO, ITS LICENSORS, VENDORS AND RESELLERS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), SHALL NOT EXCEED THE ACTUAL FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE SERVICE FOR THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE INITIAL EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY HEREUNDER.  THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9 ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN KLAVIYO AND CUSTOMER.
9.2 Customer may not bring any suit or action against Klaviyo for any reason whatsoever more than one (1) year after the cause of action accrued.
9.3 Furthermore and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Customer acknowledges and agrees that: (i) any Services ( Partner Services ) provided by, through or in partnership with an Authorized Reseller or any other third-party partner of Klaviyo (Partners) ARE PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. KLAVIYO HEREBY DISCLAIMS ON BEHALF OF THE PARTNERS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PARTNER SERVICES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NO PARTNER SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER OTHER THAN AS MAY BE SET FORTH IN THE PARTNERS STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE PARTNER SERVICES, (ii) each Partner is hereby granted a limited license to use any content supplied by Customer in connection with the Partner Services ( Partner Marketing Content ), with the right to sublicense to its partners in connection with the operation of the Partner Services, provided that Partner and its publisher partners shall not provide any third party with access to Partner Marketing Content nor use Partner Marketing Content for its or their own commercial benefit beyond the provision of the Partner Services; (iii) at Customers request, reasonable efforts will be used by the Partners to remove from publication any Customer Marketing Content, but in no event will a Partner or its publisher partners have any liability if such Customer Marketing Content nonetheless continues to be published; (iv) Customer will cooperate to provide Klaviyo with all information reasonably required by a Partner to provide any Partner Services; (v) each Partner is an intended third party beneficiary of this Section 9.3; and (vi) the terms and conditions of all Partner Services shall be subject to the Partners standard end user terms and conditions for such Services.
10 SUPPORT
10.1 For Customer support, please email  success@klaviyo.com . In providing support, Klaviyo or a Klaviyo agent may use a variety of tools to aid in the process of resolving Customer issues as a Customer and may request that Customer provide additional information in order to resolve these issues. Customer hereby grants Klaviyo and such agent the right to use those tools and any information Customer provides to Klaviyo in order to provide Customer with support.
11 INDEMNIFICATION.
Customer will indemnify and hold Klaviyo, its Partners, its and their investors, officers, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensors, agents and employees (collectively, the  Klaviyo Parties ) harmless against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, penalties, settlements, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, resulting from any claim (including third party claims), suit, action or proceeding against a Klaviyo Party, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with (i) claims of intellectual property infringement based on (A) Customers use or combination of the Klaviyo Platform and the Services with any other software or hardware not supported by Klaviyo, if such infringement would not have occurred but for such use or combination; (B) any modification of the Klaviyo Platform and the Services by Customer; or (C) the use by Customer of any version of the Klaviyo Platform and/or Services other than the current version of the Klaviyo Platform and/or Services, if such version was made available by Klaviyo with notice that such version was being provided in order to avoid an alleged or potential infringement; (ii) claims relating to the Offers or the fulfillment thereof (including claims by purchasers or other Customers of the Offers on the Klaviyo Site or Third-Party Partner Site relating to Customers products or services); or (iii) any breach by Customer of any representation, warranty or obligation under these Terms of Service; or (iv) the use, transmission, access,  disclosure, or other processing of Customer Data. Klaviyo does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, Personal Information from persons under the age of thirteen (13). Customer agrees to indemnify Klaviyo if, as a result of Communications, Klaviyo collects Customer Data from persons under the age of 13.
12 TERM AND TERMINATION
12.1  Term . Subject to Klaviyos receipt of all applicable Fees, and unless otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section 12, these Terms of Service shall commence upon Customers first use of the Services or acceptance of these Terms of Service (whichever comes first) and shall continue in effect for the period specified on the applicable Service Order (the  Term ). Each Service Order shall continue for the Term specified therein, and will AUTOMATICALLY RENEW for subsequent Terms ( Renewal Term ) unless either party provides at least 5 business days written notice of non-renewal prior to the expiration of the then-current Term that it elects not to renew the Services under such Service Order at the end of such Term.
12.2  Termination by Customer . Notification of of such non-renewal from Customer to Klaviyo must be emailed to  success@klaviyo.com , which must be confirmed by Klaviyo. If Customer chooses not to renew, Customer must fully notify Klaviyo in writing at least [48 business hours] prior to the Renewal Term, in which case, Customer will continue to have access to the Services and be billed until the end of the then current term. Customer shall not receive a refund for any unused portion of the Term. In the case Customer fails to fully notify Klaviyo of its intent not to renew within this time, the Renewal Term will commence at the end of the then-current term and Customer is responsible for the payment of Fees for the Services rendered for that Renewal Term. Customer shall not in any event be entitled to any refund of any Fees previously paid to Klaviyo for Services.
12.3  Termination by Klaviyo . Klaviyo shall have the right to terminate these Terms of Service at any time without cause and without notice. In addition, Klaviyo may terminate these Terms of Service upon written notice to Customer (or upon written notice provided to an Authorized Reseller and then passed along by an Authorized Reseller to a Customer) if Customer becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, or liquidation for the benefit of creditors. Upon a termination by Klaviyo without cause, Customer may be entitled to a pro-rata refund of any pre-paid and unused Fees advanced to Klaviyo.
12.4  Past Due Bills . In the event of a credit card decline, Klaviyo, or if applicable, an Authorized Reseller, will attempt to reach out to Customer for a new payment method. If Klaviyo or, if applicable, an Authorized Reseller, fail to resolve the issue with Customer, the account will be terminated due to non-payment and Klaviyo will attempt to collect on any past due balances at Customers expense. Per Section 4.2, in the event Customer, or if applicable, an Authorized Reseller, requests to cancel with a past due balance, Customer is required to pay for the month of service from their initial bill date decline.
12.5  Consequences of Termination . Upon termination of these Terms of Service or the Service for any reason, Customer shall cease to use the Klaviyo Platform, the Services and Documentation. Klaviyo retains the right to terminate Customers access to any Klaviyo Platform and Services in the event of termination by either party.
12.6  Data Deletion, Preservation, Retrieval or Transfer .
In the event of a temporary suspension of Customers access to Services, (i) Klaviyo will not take any action to intentionally erase or delete Customer Data stored on the Services; and (ii) applicable Fees will continue to accrue. In the event Customer becomes inactive due to past-due amounts, Customer agrees that Klaviyo may delete all End Customer Data after a period of sixty (60) days. In the event of the expiration or earlier termination of these Terms of Service, Customer may, upon reasonable notice to Klaviyo, elect to retrieve Customer Data using the self-service tools Klaviyo makes available to Customer. If these Terms of Service are terminated for any reason other than Customers breach, Klaviyo will not take any action to intentionally erase or delete Customer Data stored on the Services for a period of sixty (60) days, after which Klaviyo will delete the End Customer Data. If these Terms of Service are terminated on account of Customers breach or alleged breach of these Terms of Service, Klaviyo will not take any action to intentionally erase or delete Customer Marketing Content or Customer Data stored on the Services for a period of fifteen (15) days, or for sixty (60) days with respect to customer Communications as discussed above, after which Klaviyo will delete End Customer Data. In each case, Customers post-termination retrieval or transfer of Customer Data will be conditioned on Klaviyos receipt of all applicable Fees for the period following termination, payment in full of any other amounts owed, and Customers compliance with such reasonable terms and conditions as Klaviyo may establish with respect to such retrieval or transfer. In addition, if Customer utilizes the professional services of Klaviyo to assist Customer in connection with such retrieval or transfer, Customer will be responsible for Klaviyos then current charges for such professional services. In the event that Klaviyo does not receive all such Fees and amounts due within the applicable time periods described above, or in the event that Customer fails to notify Klaviyo of Customers election with respect to the retrieval or transfer of Customer Data within such period, Klaviyo shall have no obligation to continue to store Customer Data or permit Customer to retrieve or transfer the same.
Klaviyo will respond to requests to transfer or delete End Customer Data only to the extent such requests are addressed to Klaviyo from an email address from the email domain that is the same as the domain associated with Customers Klaviyo account. To the extent the request does not originate from the specific email address associated with Customers Klaviyo account (Authorized Email), Klaviyo will notify Customer of the request at Authorized Email, and Klaviyo will deem such request valid unless it receives a response within 5 business days from the Authorized Email objecting to the request. Klaviyo will deem valid any request addressed to Klaviyo from the Authorized Email, and Customer is solely responsible for the validity of all requests or communications addressed to Klaviyo from the Authorized Email.
12.7  Survival . The following shall survive the termination of these Terms of Service: (i) all liabilities accrued under these Terms of Service prior to the effective date of termination; and (ii) all provisions of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.5, 3.7, 4, 5.2, 5.7, 5.8, 6, 7, 8.2, 9, 11, 12.4, 12.5, 12.6, 13 and 14 of these Terms of Service. Subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof, the rights provided in this Section 12 shall be in addition to any and all rights and remedies available to a non-defaulting party at law or in equity upon any breach of these Terms of Service by the other party.
13 DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT; TAKE DOWN NOTICE AND PROCEDURES
It is Klaviyos policy to respond to notices alleging that any material uploaded by users of the Services or the Klaviyo Platform infringes another persons copyright. If you believe any material accessible on or from the Klaviyo Site or the Services infringes your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting the Klaviyo, Inc. copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
1. Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (URL) of an authorized version of the work.
2. Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
3. Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
4. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
5. A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owners behalf.
6. A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Our agent for copyright issues relating to the Klaviyo Site or Services is:
Klaviyo Legal
Klaviyo, Inc.
225 Franklin St.
Boston, Massachusetts 02110
Phone: 857-400-7060
Email:  dmca@klaviyo.com
For all email submissions please include the subject line: DMCA Takedown Request.
Klaviyo has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, accounts of users of the Services or Klaviyo Platform who are deemed to have repeatedly uploaded content that infringes the intellectual property rights of others.
14 MISCELLANEOUS
14.1  Marketing . Customer agrees that Klaviyo may refer to Customer by name and trademark in Klaviyos marketing materials and web site. Customer understands and acknowledges that Klaviyo does not certify or endorse, and has no obligation to certify or endorse, any of Customers products or content.
14.2  Entire Agreement . These Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, applicable Service Orders, and if applicable, the EU Data Protection Addendum, set forth the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and communications relating thereto. No term or condition of any other document provided to Klaviyo which is different from, inconsistent with, or in addition to the terms and conditions set forth herein will be binding upon Klaviyo.
14.3  Modification; Waiver . Klaviyo shall have the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of these Terms of Service at  www.klaviyo.com/terms-of-service . Klaviyo shall use reasonable efforts to provide Customer with notice of changes to these Terms of Service (including, by submitting a notice to the applicable Authorized Reseller to be forwarded to Customer), but Customer is responsible for regularly checking the Klaviyo Site to be informed of such changes. Continued use of the Services after any such changes are posted shall constitute Customers agreement to such changes. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision hereof shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of the same or any other provision, nor shall any delay or omission on the part of such party to avail itself of any right, power or privilege that it has or may have hereunder operate as a waiver of any right, power or privilege.
14.4  Governing Law . These Terms of Service shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, provided that the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration agreement discussed in section 14.12. Unless you and Klaviyo agree otherwise in writing, in the event that the arbitration agreement is found not to apply to you or a particular claim (except for small claims court actions), as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that the claim will be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Massachusetts. You and Klaviyo agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Massachusetts for the purposes of litigating such claims. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Your use of the Services may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
14.5  Assignment . Customer may not assign its rights or delegate any obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of Klaviyo. Any assignment by Customer without the prior written consent of Klaviyo shall be null and void. Klaviyo may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without notice or consent; provided, however, that the Services shall continue to operate as specified in these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service shall inure to the benefit of each partys permitted successors and assigns.
14.6  Force Majeure . If either party is unable to perform any of its obligations hereunder (other than payment obligations) due to any act of God, fire, casualty, flood, war, strike, shortage or any other cause beyond its reasonable control, and if such party uses reasonable efforts to avoid such occurrence and minimize its duration and gives prompt notice to the other party, then the affected partys performance shall be excused and the time for its performance shall be extended for the period of delay or inability to perform. If the force majeure continues for more than thirty (30) calendar days, then either party may terminate these Terms of Service for convenience upon written notice to the other party.
14.7  Severability . In the event that any provision contained herein shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, to such extent such provision shall be deemed null and void and severed from these Terms of Service, and the remainder hereof shall remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
14.8  Independent Contractor . Neither Customer nor Klaviyo shall be deemed to be an agent of the other and the relationship of Customer and Klaviyo shall be that of independent contractors. Neither Customer nor Klaviyo shall have any right or authority to assume any obligations, or to make any representations or warranties, whether express or implied, on behalf of the other party, or to bind the other party in any matter whatsoever.
14.9  Notices . Except as otherwise provided, notices under these Terms of Service shall be delivered by email addressed to the other party at such address as is set forth in the applicable Service Order or such other email address as Customer may provide to Klaviyo. Such notice will be deemed to have been given as of the date it is delivered by electronic mail, personally, by confirmed facsimile or by courier, or five (5) days after it is sent by postal mail. All communications and notices to be made or given pursuant to these Terms of Service shall be in the English language.
14.10  Compliance with Laws . Customer agrees to comply at all times with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to Customers use of the Services, including but not limited to data privacy laws and legal requirements.
14.11  Headings . The headings of the sections of these Terms of Service are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing these Terms of Service.
14.12  Arbitration . In any claim, action or proceeding to enforce any right or obligation of the parties under these Terms of Service including, without limitation, relating to your use of our services, you hereby waive any right you may now have or hereafter possess to a trial by jury. Both parties agree to resolve any dispute either Party may have arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or the Klaviyo Services in good faith mediation. In the event no mutual agreement is made under mediation within sixty (60) days of notice of such dispute, the Parties have the right to resolve such dispute via arbitration before a single arbitrator pursuant to then current Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). The arbitrator may award any relief available under applicable law including but not limited to an award of attorneys fees, this agreement to arbitrate does not interfere with either partys right to file a claim with a state or federal agency with jurisdiction thereof to the extent permitted by applicable law. Even if allowed under AAA rules, no class or collective action or arbitration may be brought against Klaviyo hereunder unless required by applicable law. If either you or Klaviyo intends to seek arbitration under these terms of service, the party seeking arbitration must first notify the other party of the dispute in writing at least 30 days in advance of initiating the arbitration. Notice to Klaviyo should be sent as required by these Terms of Service. The notice must describe the nature of the claim and the relief being sought. If you and Klaviyo are unable to resolve our dispute within 30 days, either party may then proceed to file a claim for arbitration. The arbitration, information produced, and pre-and post-hearing proceedings will be confidential and any award shall not be used in any other case except to enforce the award itself.
14.13  Class Action Waiver . Any claim must be brought in the respective partys individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding ( Class Action ). The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum. If the claim is subject to arbitration, the arbitrator shall not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. Any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The parties understand that any right to litigate in court, to have a judge or jury decide their case, or to be a party to a class or representative action, is waived, and that any claims must be decided individually, through arbitration. If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of the arbitration agreement in Section 14.12, if otherwise effective, shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that partys individual claim.
If Customer has any questions or concerns about what has been stated in this Terms of Service, please contact us at  legal@klaviyo.com .
Compare
Switch from Mailchimp
Mailchimp vs Klaviyo
Bronto vs Klaviyo
Dotmailer vs Klaviyo
Klaviyo vs Others
Platforms
Klaviyo for Shopify
Klaviyo for Shopify Plus
Klaviyo for BigCommerce
Klaviyo for Commerce Cloud
Klaviyo for Magento
Klaviyo for WooCommerce
Direct Integrations
Partners
Klaviyo Partner Programs
Agency Partner Directory
Integrations Library
Useful Things
COVID-19 Insights
COVID-19 Strategies
Events
Email Template Builder
API Docs
Get Help
About
Who We Are
Newsroom
Careers
Engineering Blog
Design Blog
Contact Us
© 2020 Klaviyo ®
Privacy
Terms
DMCA Compliance
© 2020 Klaviyo ®
Create
more valuable brand experiences with deep personalization.
Nurture
customer relationships with powerful automation.
Fuel
ongoing growth with flexible testing and predictive analytics.
And its all scalable, so no matter how big you get, youll never outgrow Klaviyo.
Get started for free today
Dive in and start using real-time marketing data to drive more growth through email, social ads, and more.
Already have an account?
Log in.
Name
Work Email
Password
Company Name
Telephone
Number of Contacts
0 - 1K
1K - 3K
3K - 5K
5K - 25K
25K - 50K
50K - 100K
100K - 200K
200K - 300K
300K - 400K
400K - 500K
500K - 750K
750K - 1M
1M+
Which Products Interest You?
Klaviyo for Email
Klaviyo for SMS
Both
Company URL
Tell me more. Sign me up for Klaviyos newsletter!
I'm an agency signing up for my client.
I would like a live consultation/walkthrough.
Create Account
By submitting this form, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy .
©2020 All Rights Reserved. Klaviyo ®
Create
more valuable brand experiences with deep personalization.
Nurture
customer relationships with powerful automation.
Fuel
ongoing growth with flexible testing and predictive analytics.
And its all scalable, so no matter how big you get, youll never outgrow Klaviyo.
Get a personalized demo
Find out how Klaviyo can help your business grow with a product walkthrough and consultation.
Name
Work Email
Company Name
Telephone
Company URL
Number of Contacts
0 - 1K
1K - 3K
3K - 5K
5K - 25K
25K - 50K
50K - 100K
100K - 200K
200K - 300K
300K - 400K
400K - 500K
500K - 750K
750K - 1M
1M+
Which Products Interest You?
Klaviyo for Email
Klaviyo for SMS
Both
Platform
No active integration
Shopify
Shopify Plus
WooCommerce
BigCommerce
Magento
Magento 2
OpenCart
Salesforce Commerce Cloud
Direct/Custom Integration
Other
Tell me more. Sign me up for Klaviyo's newsletter!
Request Demo
By submitting this form, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy .
Thanks for your interest in Klaviyo.
You'll receive an email from us within a few hours to schedule your personalized Klaviyo demo.
©2020 All Rights Reserved. Klaviyo ®
Let's get started
Create an account to start building your own email templates. We'll use your name and company to set some defaults in your emails.
Already have an account?
Log in.
Name
Work Email
Password
Company Name
Get Started
By submitting this form, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy .
©2020 All Rights Reserved. Klaviyo ®