Mailchimps Standard Terms of Use
Search
Sorry, no results matched your search terms.
Did you mean?
Something went wrong on our end. Please try again later.
Try searching for
build an audience
automation types
email templates
facebook
pricing plans
Try searching for
welcome automation
import contacts
facebook
email templates
contact support
Try searching for
build an audience
automation types
email templates
facebook
pricing plans
Skip to main content
Why Mailchimp?
Marketing Platform
Overview
All the tools you need to market smarter and grow faster.
Audience
Marketing CRM
Audience Dashboard
Tags
Segmentation
Behavioral Targeting
Lookalike Audiences
Brand
Content Studio
Templates
Domains
Free*
Websites
New
Campaigns
Email
Social Media
Landing Pages
Shoppable Landing Pages
Digital Ads
Postcards
Automations
Transactional Email
Insights
Reports & Analytics
Smart Recommendations
Integrations
Pricing
Resources
Overview
Mailchimp 101
Everything you need to get started
Marketing Tips
Learn how to master marketing
Guides & Tutorials
Get step-by-step help with Mailchimp
Mailchimp Presents
Entertainment made for entrepreneurs
Log In
Sign Up Free
Log In
Sign Up Free
Audience
Dashboard
Campaigns
Reports
Account
Legal
Standard Terms of Use
Download
In this document
Account
Payment
Rights
Rules and Abuse
Liability
Other Important Stuff
Thanks for using Mailchimp.
Please read these Terms carefully. By using Mailchimp or signing up for an account, youre agreeing to these Terms, which will result in a legal agreement between you and Mailchimp (Agreement). Well start with the basics, including a few definitions that should help you understand these Terms. Mailchimp (Mailchimp, we, or us) is an online marketing platform (the App) that allows you to manage your contacts, and to create, send, and manage certain marketing campaigns, including, without limitation, emails, advertisements, Websites, and mailings (each a Campaign, and collectively, Campaigns), among other things. The App is offered through our websites, including
https://www.mailchimp.com ,
https://www.tinyletter.com , and
https://www.mandrill.com , and any other website or mobile application owned, operated or controlled by us (well collectively refer to these as the Mailchimp Site, and together with the App, the Service).
Mailchimp is a Georgia limited liability company whose legal name is The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp. Mailchimp has employees, independent contractors, and representatives (our Team). As a customer of the Service or a representative of an entity thats a customer of the Service, youre a Member according to this Agreement (or you).
These Standard Terms of Use (Terms, including our
Acceptable Use Policy ,
API Use Policy ,
Cookie Statement ,
Copyright and Trademark Policy ,
Data Processing Addendum , and
Brand Guidelines ) define the terms and conditions under which youre allowed to use the Service in accordance with the Agreement, and how well treat your account while youre a Member. If you dont agree to these Terms, you must immediately discontinue your use of the Service.
Some features of the Service are offered as add-ons to your Mailchimp account (Add-ons). Unless expressly stated otherwise, these Terms apply to the use of Add-ons. Some Add-ons are intended for particular use cases and may also have additional terms or restrictions (Additional Terms). Additional Terms for Add-ons can be found on our Mailchimp Site at
mailchimp.com/legal/additional-terms , and Members agree to the applicable Additional Terms at the time they choose to add the corresponding Add-on. Also note that a Members account may have access to unique features of the Service based on their historic usage or status.
Mailchimp uses Google Maps and YouTube to provide certain features of the Service, and, as a result, we are contractually obligated to make our Members aware of certain terms related to the use of such features. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that by signing up for an account and using the Service, you are also bound by the
Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service
and the
YouTube Terms of Service
(including the
Google Privacy Policy ).
If you download the App through the Apple App Store, Google Play or other app store or distribution platform (App Provider), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) these Terms are between us, and not with the App Provider, and that we are responsible for the Service, not the App Provider; (ii) the App Provider has no obligation to furnish maintenance and support services or handle any warranty claims; (iii) the App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party have relating to the App; and (iv) the App Provider is a third party beneficiary of these Terms as related to your use of the App, and the App Provider will have the right to enforce these Terms as related to your use of the App against you.
If you have any questions about our Terms, feel free to
contact us .
Account
1. Eligibility
In order to use the Service, you must:
be at least eighteen (18) years old and able to enter into contracts;
complete the account registration process;
agree to these Terms;
provide true, complete, and up-to-date contact and billing information;
not be based in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any other territory that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a terrorist-supporting country; and
not be listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted persons.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet all the requirements listed above, and that you wont use the Service in a way that violates any laws or regulations. Note that by representing and warranting, you are making a legally enforceable promise.
Mailchimp may refuse service, close accounts of any Members, and change eligibility requirements at any time.
2. Term
When you sign up for an account and agree to these Terms, the Agreement between you and Mailchimp is formed, and the term of the Agreement (the Term) will begin. The Term will continue for as long as you have a Mailchimp account or until you or we terminate the Agreement in accordance with these Terms, whichever happens first.
If you sign up for an account on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to accept these Terms and enter into the Agreement on its behalf.
3. Closing Your Account
You or Mailchimp may terminate the Agreement at any time and for any reason by terminating your Mailchimp account or giving notice to the other party. We may suspend the Service to you at any time, with or without cause. If we terminate your account without cause, and your account is a paid account, well refund a prorated portion of your monthly prepayment for a Monthly Plan or reimburse you for unused Pay as You Go Credits. We wont refund or reimburse you in any other situation, including if your account is suspended or terminated for cause, such as for a breach or violation of the Agreement. If your account is inactive for 24 or more months, we may terminate your account and you wont be entitled to a refund for a prepaid month or reimbursement for unused Pay as You Go Credits. Once your account is terminated, you acknowledge and agree that we may permanently delete your account and all the data associated with it, including your Campaigns. Usernames are unique and can only be used once. If your account has been terminated, the username will no longer be available for use on any future accounts and cannot be reclaimed.
4. Changes
We may change any of the Terms by posting revised Terms on our Mailchimp Site. Unless you terminate your account, the new Terms will be effective immediately upon posting and apply to any continued or new use of the Service. We may change the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time, and we may discontinue the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time.
5. Account and Password
Youre responsible for keeping your account name and password confidential. Youre also responsible for any account that you have access to and any activity occurring in such account (other than activity that Mailchimp is directly responsible for that isnt performed in accordance with your instructions), whether or not you authorized that activity. Youll immediately notify us of any unauthorized access or use of your accounts. Were not responsible for any losses due to stolen or hacked passwords. We dont have access to your current password, and for security reasons, we may only provide you with instructions on how to reset your password. We have the right to update any of your contact information in your account for billing purposes. In addition, you represent and warrant that all information you provide to us when you establish an account, and when you access and use the Service, is and will remain complete and accurate.
6. Account Disputes
We dont know the inner workings of your organization or the nature of your personal relationships. You wont request access to or information about an account thats not yours, and youll resolve any account-related disputes directly with the other party. We decide who owns an account based on a number of factors, including the content in that account, and
the contact and profile information listed for that account. In cases where differing contact and profile information is present or we are unable to reasonably determine ownership, well require you to resolve the matter through proper channels outside of Mailchimp.
When a dispute is identified, we may suspend any account associated with the dispute, including disabling login and sending capabilities, to protect the security and privacy of the data held within the account until the dispute is properly resolved.
Payment
7. Paid Monthly Plans and Audience
If you had a paid Monthly Plan on or before May 15, 2019, the following Section 7 may not apply to you and your account. If it does not apply, an alternate version of Section 7 applicable to you and your account is available in your account (navigate to Account, then Billing, then Monthly plans or credits).
7A. Paid Monthly Plans
When you sign up for a paid monthly plan, you are required to self-select both your projected audience, as described in Section 7B below, and your package (e.g., Essentials, Standard, Premium) (together, your Monthly Plan) from those
posted
on our Mailchimp Site based on your anticipated use of the Service. Each Monthly Plan offers different pricing and feature options. Once you select your Monthly Plan, Mailchimp will never automatically upgrade or downgrade your Monthly Plan. So, give yourself room to grow if youll need it! If you exceed your Monthly Plan usage limits (either by exceeding your audience or monthly email limits, or both),
you will incur additional charges
for the prior billing cycle based on your current Monthly Plan, which will be detailed on your bill and in your account. Before paying for your Monthly Plan for the first time, you will have an opportunity to preview the additional charges which would apply to your Monthly Plan should you incur them by exceeding your self-selected usage limits. If you decide to proceed, and you incur additional charges, you agree to pay them on or before the next Pay Date, as described below. You will always have the option to upgrade to a higher tier at any time. If you upgrade during a billing cycle, you may elect to upgrade your package, your audience limit, or both. If you elect to upgrade both, the upgrade amount for the package upgrade is calculated first, and the upgrade amount for the audience limit upgrade is calculated second. In any event, your monthly charge for that billing cycle will be calculated based on the number of days in that billing cycle during which you were at each of the lower tier and the higher tier (including any applicable additional charges for the higher tier). You will also have the option to downgrade to a lower tier at any time, but if you elect to downgrade during a billing cycle, your downgrade will not be effective until the end of that billing cycle, and you will still be charged for that entire billing cycle at the higher tier (including any applicable additional charges for the higher tier).
When you sign up for a Monthly Plan, you agree to monthly recurring billing, starting on the date you sign up. Billing occurs on the same day each month, based on the date that you started your Monthly Plan. Payments are due for any month on the same or closest date to the day you made your first monthly payment (the Pay Date). If any part of a month is included in the Term, then payment is required for the full month. If you exceed your self-selected usage limits for your Monthly Plan, then youll have to pay additional charges (as described above) for the prior billing cycle on or before the next Pay Date, even if the Term ends or you downgrade to a Free Plan before that payment is otherwise due. Billing for Monthly Plans may be paused, and you may choose to close your account permanently at any time.
7B. Audience and Archiving
You may have several types of contacts in your Mailchimp account, but only contacts that you can engage through the Service count as contacts in your audience for purposes of your Monthly Plan or Free Plan. Subscribed, unsubscribed, and non-subscribed contacts count towards your audience. Cleaned, pending, reconfirmed, deleted, and archived contacts do not count towards your audience. You may elect to archive contacts at any time, but any profile changes for an archived contact (whether initiated by you, the contact, or an integration) will automatically unarchive that contact. You cannot engage in any activity through the Service with archived contacts unless and until they are unarchived. If a contact is unarchived, it will immediately count towards your audience for your current billing cycle and any future billing cycles unless and until archived again.
8. Free Plans
If you use the Service under the free plan (Free Plan) and you want to go over the Free Plan limits, youll be required to upgrade your account to, and select and pay for, a Monthly Plan. Monthly Plans are described in Section 7A above. If you exceed your Free Plan limits, or otherwise upgrade your account to a paid Monthly Plan, youll only be provided one complimentary downgrade to the Free Plan (provided your sending volume and audience numbers drop down to the Free Plan limits again). If you go over the limits for the Free Plan more than once, youll no longer qualify for the Free Plan, even if your future sending volume and audience numbers are within the limits of the Free Plan.
9. Pay as You Go Credits
You may also buy email credits to use the Service (Pay as You Go Credits), as explained on our Mailchimp Site. You will have an opportunity to review current rates for Pay as You Go Credits in your account prior to purchase. If you choose to buy Pay as You Go Credits, youll have access to the features of the Service included in the Essentials package, as described on the
pricing page , and other than the monthly payment requirement, all of these Terms will still apply to you. Pay as You Go Credits purchased on or after May 15, 2019 roll over each month, and expire 12 months after purchase. Pay as You Go Credits purchased before May 15, 2019 also roll over each month, and expire on May 15, 2020. Pay as You Go Credits have no cash value, cannot be refunded or redeemed for cash, and represent a limited license to use the Service for the specified volume and type of service.
10. Debit and Credit Cards
As long as youre a Member with a Monthly Plan or otherwise have an outstanding balance with us, youll provide us with valid debit or credit card (card) information and authorize us to deduct your charges against that card. Youll replace the information for any card that expires with information for a valid one. If your card is automatically replaced with a new card by a payment processor, you acknowledge and agree that were authorized to deduct any charges on your account against the new card. Anyone using a card represents and warrants that they are authorized to use that card, and that any and all charges may be billed to that card and wont be rejected. If were unable to process your card order, well try to contact you by email and may suspend your account until your payment can be processed.
11. Refunds
Well give you a refund for a prepaid month or reimburse you for unused Pay as You Go Credits if we stop providing the Service and terminate your account without cause. You wont be entitled to a refund or credit from us under any other circumstances. We may, at our sole discretion, offer a refund, discount or credit.
12. Charges for Add-Ons
If you use an Add-on that has a charge, then youll be billed that additional amount with each billing cycle for as long as the Add-on is active. Your billing cycle for an Add-on may differ from your billing cycle for your Monthly Plan or other features of the Service, and certain Add-ons may require upfront payment for their entire billing cycle. If you use Mandrill to send bulk emails in violation of our Acceptable Use Policy, then we may charge you at the comparable Mailchimp plan or terminate your account.
13. Billing Changes
We may change our fees, including our charges for Monthly Plans and Pay as You Go Credits, at any time by posting a new pricing structure to our Mailchimp Site or in your account and/or sending you a notification by email. Quoted fees dont include sales or other transaction-based taxes of any kind.
Rights
14. Feedback and Proprietary Rights
We own all proprietary rights in the Service, including, but not limited to, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. You will respect our proprietary rights in the Service, and you may only use our brand assets according to our
Brand Guidelines .
You represent and warrant that you either own or have permission to use all of the material, content, data, and information (including your personal information and the personal information of others) you submit to Mailchimp in the course of using the Service or which Mailchimp retrieves or accesses at your direction or with your permission (Content). You retain ownership of the Content that you upload to the Service. We may use or disclose your Content (including any personal information therein) only as described in these Terms, our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Statement , and, if applicable, our
Data Processing Addendum .
You may provide or we may ask you to provide suggestions, comments, input or other feedback (Feedback) regarding the Service. If you provide us with any Feedback, then you grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, and publicly perform the Feedback as we see fit. Any Feedback you choose to provide is given entirely voluntarily. You understand that you will not receive any compensation for your Feedback, and that we may use any Feedback you provide to improve the Service or to develop new features and services.
15. Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Please read our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Statement
for information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your Content and personal information and protect your privacy when you use the Service.
16. Right to Review Content and Campaigns
We may view, copy, and internally distribute Content from your Campaigns and account to create algorithms and programs (Tools) that help us spot problem accounts and improve the Service. We use these Tools to find Members who violate these Terms or laws and to study data internally to make the Service smarter and create better experiences for Members and their contacts.
Rules and Abuse
17. General Rules
By agreeing to these Terms, you promise to follow these rules:
You wont send spam!
You wont use purchased, rented, or third-party lists of email addresses.
Youll comply with our
Acceptable Use Policy , which forms part of these Terms.
If you use our API, youll comply with our
API Use Policy , which forms part of these Terms.
Mailchimp doesnt allow accounts that promote or incite harm toward others or that promote discriminatory, hateful, or harassing Content. To this end, we may suspend or terminate your account if you send a Campaign or otherwise distribute any Content that we determine, in our sole discretion, contains either of the following:
A Threat of Physical Harm.
This means any statement, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to threaten, advocate, or incite physical harm to or violence against others.
Hateful Content.
This means any statement, image, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to harm, threaten, promote the harassment of, promote the intimidation of, promote the abuse of, or promote discrimination against others based solely on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease, or immigration status.
We also may suspend or terminate your account if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are either:
an organization that has publicly stated or acknowledged that its goals, objectives, positions, or founding tenets include statements or principles that could be reasonably perceived to advocate, encourage, or sponsor Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm;
a person that has publicly made a comment or statement, or otherwise publicly made known a position, including by membership in an organization as discussed above, that could be reasonably perceived as Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm; or
a person or organization that has acted in such a way as could be reasonably perceived to support, condone, encourage, or represent Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm.
If you violate any of these rules, then we may suspend or terminate your account.
18. Reporting Abuse
If you think anyone is violating any of these Terms, please notify us immediately. If you received spam you think came from a Mailchimp Member, please report it to our
Abuse Team . (Every email Campaign sent through the Service has an embedded campaign tracking ID in the email header, making it easy to report suspected spam.) If you think anyone has posted material that violates any protected marks or copyrights, then you can notify us at the address provided in our
Copyright and Trademark Policy .
19. Bandwidth Abuse/Throttling
You may only use our bandwidth for your Content and Campaigns. We provide image and data hosting only for your use of the Service, so you may not host images on our servers for anything else. We may throttle your sending or connection through our API at our discretion.
20. Compliance with Laws
You represent and warrant that your use of the Service will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Youre responsible for determining whether the Service is suitable for you to use in light of your obligations under any regulations like HIPAA, GLB, Data Protection Laws (as defined in the
Data Processing Addendum ), United States export control laws and regulations and economic sanctions laws and regulations (U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations), or other applicable laws. If youre subject to regulations (like HIPAA) and you use the Service, then we wont be liable if the Service doesnt meet those requirements. You may not use the Service for any unlawful or discriminatory activities, including acts prohibited by the
Federal Trade Commission Act ,
Fair Credit Reporting Act ,
Equal Credit Opportunity Act ,
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act , or any other applicable laws.
If you collect any personal information pertaining to a minor and store such information within your Mailchimp account, you represent and warrant that you have obtained valid consent for such activities according to the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the minor lives.
If you or the people you distribute or display Campaigns or other Content to through the Service are subject to Data Protection Laws (as defined in the
Data Processing Addendum ), you agree, represent and warrant (as applicable) to Mailchimp that:
You will clearly post, maintain, and abide by a publicly accessible privacy notice on the digital properties from which the underlying data is collected that (a) satisfies the requirements of applicable data protection laws, (b) describes your use of the Service, and (c) includes a link to Mailchimps
Privacy Policy .
You will get and maintain all necessary permissions and valid consents required to lawfully transfer data to Mailchimp and to enable such data to be lawfully collected, processed, and shared by Mailchimp for the purposes of providing the Service or as otherwise directed by you.
You will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the Campaigns sent through the Service, including those relating to (a) acquiring consents (where required) to lawfully send Campaigns, (b) the Content of Campaigns, and (c) your Campaign deployment practices.
You will provide and obtain all notices and obtain all necessary consents required by applicable data protection laws to enable Mailchimp to deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons or pixels) lawfully on and collect data from the devices of contacts and end users in accordance with and as described in the
Cookie Statement .
You are subject to Mailchimps
Data Processing Addendum
(DPA), which will apply when and to the extent Mailchimp processes Customer Data protected by Data Protection Laws (all as defined in the DPA). The DPA sets out our obligations with respect to data protection and security when processing such Customer Data in connection with the Service and forms part of these Terms.
In addition, if you are subject to EU Data Protection Law (as defined in the
Data Processing Addendum ), you acknowledge and agree that we have your prior written authorization to respond, at our discretion, to any data subject access requests we receive from your contacts made under EU Data Protection Law, or, alternatively, we may direct any such contacts to you so that you can respond to the request accordingly.
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any losses, including all legal fees and expenses, that result from your breach of this Section 20.
21. Export Controls
The software that supports the App (the Software) is subject to U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations. Export laws are set up by the U.S. government to keep certain goods and services from reaching other countries, usually because of security concerns or trade agreements. None of the Software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations and any other applicable export laws and regulations (collectively, Export Control Laws). Therefore, you agree that you wont, directly or indirectly through a third party, allow the Software or your Campaigns to be accessed or generated from within, or distributed or sent to, any prohibited or embargoed country as mentioned in any Export Control Laws. In addition, you certify that neither you nor any principals, officers, directors, or any person or entity you know to be directly involved with the use of the Service is designated on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted persons.
Its important to note that this Section 21 isnt meant to provide a comprehensive summary of the Export Control Laws that govern Mailchimp, the Service, or the Software. Youre downloading and using the Software at your own risk, and its your responsibility to consult with a legal advisor to make sure your use of the Service and the Software complies with applicable laws.
Liability
22. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you assume full responsibility for any loss that results from your use of the Service, including any downloads from the Mailchimp Site; (ii) we and our Team wont be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, or consequential damages under any circumstances, even if theyre based on negligence or weve been advised of the possibility of those damages; and (iii) in any calendar month, our total liability to you arising under or in connection with the Agreementwhether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwisewill be no more than what you paid us for the Service the preceding month.
For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance will we or our Team be liable for any losses or damages you suffer if you use the Service in violation of these Terms, regardless of whether we terminate or suspend your account due to such violation.
23. No Warranties
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide the Service as-is. This means that, except as expressly stated in these Terms, we dont provide warranties, conditions, or undertakings of any kind in relation to the Service, either express or implied. This includes, but isnt limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, which are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Agreement. Since Members use the Service for a variety of reasons, we cant guarantee that itll meet your specific needs.
24. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our Team harmless from any losses, including legal fees and expenses that directly or indirectly result from any claims you make that arent allowed under these Terms due to a Limitation of Liability or other provision. (Indemnity is an agreement to compensate someone for a loss.) You also agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any losses, including legal fees and expenses, that directly or indirectly result from (i) your Content, (ii) your use of the Service, (iii) your violation of any laws or regulations, (iv) third-party claims that you or someone using your password did something that, if true, would violate any of these Terms, (v) any misrepresentations made by you, or (vi) a breach of any representations or warranties youve made to us.
25. Equitable Relief
Your violation of these Terms may cause irreparable harm to us and our Team. Therefore, we have the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief if you violate these Terms (meaning we may request a court order to stop you).
26. Subpoena Fees
If we have to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal, governmental, or regulatory inquiry related to your account, then we may charge you for our costs. These fees may include attorney and employee time spent retrieving the records, preparing documents, and participating in a deposition.
27. Disclaimers
We and our Team arent responsible for the behavior of any third parties, agencies, linked websites, or other Members, including third-party applications, products, or services for use in connection with the Service (each, a Third-Party Integration). Your use of any Third-Party Integration and rights with respect to such Third-Party Integration are solely between you and the applicable third party. We are not responsible for the privacy, security or integrity of any Third-Party Integration or the practices and policies of any Third-Party Integration. We make no warranties of any kind and assume no liability of any kind for your use of any Third-Party Integration.
Other Important Stuff
28. Notice to U.S. Government End Users
The Software and the Mailchimp Site, including all documentation, are Commercial Items, as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, and consist of Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation. The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. government end users:
only as Commercial Items,
with the same rights as all other end users, and
according to the Terms.
Published and unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. The manufacturer is The Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, Georgia 30308.
29. Assignments
You may not assign any of your rights under this Agreement to anyone else. We may assign our rights to any other individual or entity at our discretion.
30. Choice of Law
The State of Georgias laws, except for conflict of laws rules, will apply to any dispute related to the Agreement or the Service. You acknowledge and agree that any dispute related to the Agreement or the Service itself will be decided by the state or federal courts in Fulton County, Georgia, and each party consents to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
31. Force Majeure
We wont be held liable for any delays or failure in performance of any part of the Service, from any cause beyond our control. This includes, but is not limited to, acts of god, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war, terrorist acts, riots, fires, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, zombie apocalypse, floods, strikes, power blackouts, volcanic action, unusually severe weather conditions, and acts of hackers, or third-party internet service providers.
32. Survivability
Even if this Agreement is terminated, the following sections will continue to apply: Feedback and Proprietary Rights, Compliance with Laws, Limitation of Liability, No Warranties, Indemnity, Choice of Law, Severability, and Entire Agreement.
33. Severability
If it turns out that a section of these Terms isnt enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as required, and the rest of the Agreement will still be valid.
34. Interpretation
The headers and sidebar text are provided only to make these Terms easier to read and understand. The fact that we wrote these Terms wont affect the way the Agreement is interpreted.
35. Waiver
If we dont immediately take action on a violation of these Terms, were not giving up any rights under the Terms, and we may still take action at some point.
36. No Changes in Terms at Request of Member
Because we have so many Members, we cant change these Terms for any one Member or group.
37. Further Actions
Youll provide all documents and take any actions necessary to meet your obligations under these Terms.
38. Notification of Security Incident
If we become aware of a security incident related to our systems or databases that contain personal information of you or your contacts, well notify you if required by law. In that event, well also provide you with information about that incident so that you can evaluate the consequences to you and any legal or regulatory requirements that may apply to you, unless were prevented from doing so by legal, security or confidentiality obligations. Notifying you of a security incident or cooperating with you to respond to one will not be deemed an acknowledgement or assumption of any liability or fault of Mailchimp for such incident.
39. Notices
Any notice to you will be effective when we send it to the last email or physical address you gave us or when posted on our Mailchimp Site. Any notice to us will be effective when delivered to us along with a copy to our legal counsel: Attn. Legal Department, Mailchimp, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, Georgia, 30308, or any addresses as we may later post on the Mailchimp Site.
40. Entire Agreement
These Terms and any
Additional Terms
youve agreed to by enabling any Add-ons make up the entire agreement between us in relation to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements, representations, and understandings. Any Additional Terms will be considered incorporated into the Agreement when you activate the corresponding Add-on.
Where theres a conflict between these Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control to the extent of the conflict.
Congratulations! Youve reached the end.
Thanks for taking the time to learn about Mailchimps policies.
Updated as of March 31, 2020.
Mailchimp Presents
A collection of short-form series, films, and podcasts created with entrepreneurs in mind. Now playing: My Dear Kyrgyzstan, an inspiring new documentary from Mailchimp.
Watch now
Company
Our Story
Careers
Contact
Annual Report
Newsroom
Mailchimp Presents
Product
Email
Mobile App
Help
Developers
Status
Security
What's New
Support
Community
Partner Program
Experts Directory
Integrations Directory
Agencies
Events
Marketing Glossary
©2001-2020 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
Privacy & Terms