nCino - Terms & Conditions
This site may use cookies and other technologies to give you the best experience possible. By using this website, you consent to the use of these technologies. Please read our Privacy Statement to
learn more .
Got It
Contact
 X
Home
About
Our Story
Leadership Team
Consulting Partners
Technology Partners
History
Platform
Overview
Benefits/Value
How it Works
Solutions
Features
Integrations
Security
Demo
Success
Overview
Banks Over $10 Billion
Banks Under $10 Billion
Credit Unions & CUSOs
Journey
Overview
Implementation
Change Management
Community
University
Support
Customer Success
Culture
Overview
Culture
Careers
Job Openings
Where We Live
Benefits
Awards
nVolve
Resources
Recent News
Analyst Reports
White Papers
Testimonials
Webinars
Videos
Brand
Contact
Log In
Website Terms and Conditions
Introduction and Acknowledgment
nCino, Inc. (the "Company") maintains this website (the "Website") for informational purposes only. Access and use of this Website by you are governed exclusively by these terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"). By accessing and using this Website, you acknowledge that you have read, accept, and will be bound by, these Terms and Conditions. The Company reserves the right to modify or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.
Third Party Internet Websites
The Company may from time to time provide links and pointers at this Website to Internet sites of third parties ("Third Party Sites"). These links and pointers to Third Party Sites are provided as a convenience only. The Company has not reviewed, and does not operate or control in any respect, any information, products or services available on Third Party Sites, and the Company is not responsible for any information provided at any Third Party Sites. The Company makes no representations and provides no warranties whatsoever concerning Third Party Sites, and the fact that the Company has provided a link to any Third Party Site on this Website does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by the Company with respect to such Third Party Site or its owners or providers or any products or services mentioned or offered at the Third Party Site. The Company expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of the information and/or quality of products or services provided by, advertised on, or sold through, all Third Party Sites.
Timeliness of Information
All press releases and other information contained in this Website were, to the best of the Company's knowledge, timely and accurate when issued. The Company assumes no liability or responsibility if information made available on this Website is not accurate, complete or current. Any reliance on the material on this Website is at your own risk. The passage of time can render all things stale, and the Company is not responsible for any misconceptions which may result from the reading of dated material. You should carefully check the dates of issuance of the information contained in this Website.
Content and Liability Disclaimer
The information at this website may contain bugs, viruses, errors, problems or other limitations. The company assumes no liability and shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions with respect to the functioning of, or the content at, this website and reserves the right to make changes to this website at any time without notice. Moreover, the company does not warrant the accuracy, currency, reliability or completeness of any information, text, graphics, links, or other items contained at this website. Accordingly, all content at this website is provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. The company disclaims all responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic files at the website. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall the company be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular the company shall not be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of, or related to, this website or any other website of the company or the information contained therein, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise.
User Provided Information
Except for personal data, which shall be governed by the Company's Website Privacy Statement, any information or material received from you shall be deemed to have been provided by you and received by the Company on a non-confidential basis. By communicating with the Company, you automatically grant the Company a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or any information therein alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose and to sublicense such rights to third parties. You further agree that the Company is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how that you provide to the Company.
Website Registration and Inquiries
This Website is intended as an informational service for industry purchasers, formulators and other interested parties. The Company reserves the right to discard registrations and reject inquiries if such represent misuse or insincere uses of these services. Entries and other submitted materials become the property of the Company and will not be acknowledged or returned (read also "Website Privacy Statement"). The Company is not responsible for incomplete, late, lost, misdirected or for any technical malfunction, human error, lost/delayed data transmission, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, or line failure in connection with any telephone network, computer equipment, software or any combination thereof. Entries are void if unreadable, inaccurate, incomplete, mutilated, tampered with, forged, mechanically reproduced, irregular in any way, or otherwise not in compliance with these rules. If for any reason the Website is not capable of running as planned, the Company reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend any registration.
Copyright and Terms of Use
This Website, including text, graphics, audio, video, design, software, and all derivative works based on any of the foregoing, is the copyrighted work of the Company or is used by the Company subject to permission of the copyright owner. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms and Conditions, the Company grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and personal license to use and display this Website and the materials ("Materials") thereon only for purposes associated with your interaction with this Website, and you agree to keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices on the Materials. Any modification of the Materials or use of the Materials for any other purpose is a violation of copyright and other proprietary rights of the Company or the applicable copyright holder. The Company's presentation of information on this Website does not confer any proprietary or other rights in its or others trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents or other proprietary rights or information nor is it intended to infringe patent rights or other intellectual property rights held by others. This limited license terminates automatically, without notice to you, if you breach any of these Terms and Conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You have no right, title or interest (and no copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right) in or to the Website or any Materials and you agree not to "frame" or "mirror" this Website, any material contained on or accessible from this Website on any other server or Internet-based device without the advanced written authorization of the Company. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Website in any way. You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Website as it may be updated from time to time. If you are using our services or this Website on behalf of a business, that business accepts these Terms and Conditions.
Trademarks
The nCino logo and all brand names, company names, service marks, logos and trade dress of Company, and its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors ("Marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of Company and its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors in the U.S. and other countries. Other brand names, company names, service marks, logos and trade dress may be trademarks or service marks of others. Your use of the Marks on this Website in any manner other than as authorized in these Terms and Conditions, or as authorized in writing by Company is strictly prohibited.
Technical Service
The information contained on this Website is intended to be general in nature. Techniques and data pertaining to specific use for nCino ingredients and new developments will be published periodically.
International Use of the Website
The Company makes no representations or claims that any information at this Website is appropriate or may be downloaded outside the United States of America. Access to this Website and to any information at this Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access this Website from outside the United States of America, you do so at your own risk of liability under the laws of the United States of America or of your jurisdiction.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonably attorneys' fees) resulting from your violation of these Terms and Conditions or your use of the Website, including, without limitation, any use of the Website's content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms and Conditions or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Disputes
This Website is controlled and operated by the Company from its corporate headquarters in Wilmington, North Carolina. Any disputes that may arise concerning this Website and the information contained herein shall be governed by North Carolina law (without regard to conflicts of law principles). All proceedings, which may arise out of, or in connection with, this Website shall be brought solely in the appropriate state or federal courts in North Carolina. No Agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms and Conditions or your use of the Website.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire and only agreement between the Company and you and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings concerning this Website. If a term or provision herein is not enforceable, it will not affect any other terms or provisions. The failure of the Company to act does not constitute a waiver of any of the Company's rights, including rights to take action in the future.
Investor Notification
This is a required notification by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding the nCino stock transaction that took place on April 15, 2015. The document related to this transaction can be accessed by clicking here.
Back to Top
© 2020 nCino, All Rights Reserved
 
Careers
 
Select Region
 
Terms & Conditions
 
Privacy Policy
 
Contact
 
Log In
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
YouTube
GlassDoor