T&Cs - One Trust
Skip to primary navigation
Skip to main content
Text Only
Return to Styled Website
Text Size:
A
A
Colour:
A
A
Accessibility
020 3096 9130
Menu
Home
About
Meet The Team
Our Service Users
Supporting Family Carers
Working in Partnership
Our Bases
Complex Needs Hub
Wandsworth Base
Tooting Base
Putney Base
Services
Music Therapy
Sensory Room & Garden
Care Management Support
Positive Behaviour Support
Evening & weekend activities
Health and Wellbeing
Transport
Activities
Art
Music
Massage and Yoga
Lunch
Outings
Join Us
FAQs
Contact
Careers
Blog
Showcase
Terms and Conditions
Home
T&Cs
T&Cs
This website is owned by One Trust.  Its use is subject to the following terms and conditions:
Your use constitutes agreement to the following terms and conditions from the date you first use the site.  One Trust reserves the right to change these T&Cs by posting changes to this page.  Your continued use of the site thereafter constitutes acceptance of the modified agreement.
These rules apply to any use of the site, including donations you may make through the site.
You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only and in a manner that does not infringe the rights or restrict/ inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any other party.
The site and its content (information, names, images, logos, pictures, videos) is owned by One Trust.  Copyright restrictions apply.  Commercial use or publication of any content is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation by One Trust.
Documents may be copied for personal use on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied.  Any copied materials must not be altered in any way, and may only be used exactly as they appear on the site.
One Trust takes no responsibility for the content of external sites that we link to.  Links do not constitute endorsement or approval of the content of that site and as such, we accept no responsibility for the content of linked sites.
Trade marks, logos and service marks used on the website are the property of their owners.  One Trust does not give you permission to use these without the owners consent.
Any information that you post or transmit to any public area of the site will be treated as non confidential and non proprietary.
We will only use any personal information that you send to us in accordance with our privacy policy.
These terms and conditions will be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.  Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
One Trust does not guarantee that the site and its content will be uninterrupted or error free or that the server that makes it available to you is free of viruses.
In no event will One Trust be liable for damages in relation to use of the site, including indirect or consequential damages, or loss of use of the site.
This website is for information only and you use it at your own risk.  You should not rely on this website as being professional advice on any matter  please seek your own advice before taking any action based on any information you may have seen on this site.
One Trust is a limited company registered in England and Wales.  Company Registration No. 9497463.  Registered office 21 Church Lane, Tooting, SW17 9PW.  Registered Charity No. 1164523.
Trusts & associations we are members of / partners with:
Follow Us On Twitter
@OneTrustUK
https://t.co/v6y9auBQdz
We are a charitable organisation so always welcome donations.
Find out how you can donate or raise money for One Trust >
© Copyright One Trust 2015   One Trust is a limited company registered in England and Wales   Company registration no. 9497463   Registered office 21 Church Lane, Tooting, London SW17 9PW   Registered Charity no. 1164523  
Home Donate Careers FAQs T&Cs Privacy Policy Sitemap Music Therapy Charity Adults with Learning Disabilities Wandsworth Day Centre Wandsworth Day Service Charity Wandsworth
Facebook
Twitter
Access Keys
0  Access key details
1  Homepage
2  Site Map
4  Search
6  Privacy
7  Website Disclaimer
8  Terms & Conditions
9  Contact Us
S  Skip Navigation
This website uses cookies. You can
Read More
here. ACCEPT VIEW COOKIE SETTINGS Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect non-identifiable user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept