Terms of Use   ProductCraft by Pendo
ProductCraft Newsletter
×
The Largest Community of Product People Online
Follow us on
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Subscribe
Best Practices
Perspectives
Profiles
Debates
Podcast
#ProductStack
Conference
Community
Follow us on:

Best Practices
Perspectives
Profiles
Podcast
#ProductStack
Conference
Community
Terms of Use
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
Terms of Use
Effective date: April 1, 2018
Welcome to ProductCraft by Pendo.  Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services, discussion forums, interactive areas and applications (the Services).  If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at
privacy@productcraft.com , by mail at 150 Fayetteville St. Raleigh, NC, 27601 or by phone at (919)275-5477.
These Terms of Use (the Terms) are a binding contract between you and ProductCraft by Pendo. (ProductCraft, we and us).   You must agree to and accept all of the Terms, or you do not have the right to use the Services.  Your using the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services.  These Terms include the provisions in this document, as well as those in the
Privacy Policy
and
Copyright Dispute Policy .
Will these Terms ever change?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services.  We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the
ProductCraft website , by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
If you do not agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services.  If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us.
What about my privacy?
ProductCraft by Pendo takes the privacy of its users very seriously.  For the current ProductCraft by Pendo Privacy Policy, please click
here.
The Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13.  We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13; if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.  If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
privacy@productcraft.com .
What are the basics of using the Services?
You may be required to sign up for an account, and select a password and username (ProductCraft by Pendo User ID).  You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself.  You may not select as your ProductCraft by Pendo User ID a name that you do not have the right to use, or another persons name with the intent to impersonate that person. You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.
You represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, youve received your parents or guardians permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf). If youre agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization or entitys behalf and bind them to these Terms (in which case, the references to you and your in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity).
You will only use the Services for your own use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.  If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you arent authorized to use the Services.  We cannot and will not be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law.
You will not share your account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your account and your password.  Youre responsible for any activity associated with your account.
The Services include discussion forums. All such forums shall be used only for non-commercial purposes. You are solely liable for any Content you upload or transmit to and for your activity in connection with the discussion forums of the Services.
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions:
You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute, provide, create or transmit any Content or User Content (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that:
Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including ProductCraft by Pendo);
Violates any law or regulation, including any applicable export control laws;
Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
Jeopardizes the security of your ProductCraft by Pendo account or anyone elses (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you);
Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
Registers for or creates a ProductCraft by Pendo User ID by any automated means or under false or misleading pretenses, including by the use of a false, misleading or disguised email address;
Harms minors in any way;
Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;
Runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or spam on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services infrastructure);
Crawls, scrapes, or spiders any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
Copies or stores any significant portion of the Content;
Decompiles, deciphers, disassembles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain or derive any source code or underlying ideas or information or algorithms of or relating to the Services;
Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of ProductCraft by Pendo or any third party;
Modifies, translates or otherwise creates derivative works of any part of the Services; and
Copies, rents, leases, distributes or otherwise transfers any or all of the rights that you receive hereunder.
A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.
What are my rights in Content?
For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term  Content  includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided by ProductCraft by Pendo, our partners, our users, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, Content also includes all User Content (as defined below). Content is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws.  Subject to these Terms of Service, ProductCraft by Pendo grants you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download or display locally) Content solely for the purposes of your internal use of the Services. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you will not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone elses (including ProductCraft by Pendos) rights.
You understand that ProductCraft by Pendo owns the Services. You will not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services.
The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesnt mean that all the restrictions above do not apply  they do!
Do I have to grant any licenses to ProductCraft by Pendo or to other users ?
Anything you post, upload, share, store, add, submit, create or otherwise provide through the Services is User Content.  User Content is viewable by other users.  In order to display your User Content on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in that User Content.  Please note that all of the following licenses are subject to our
Privacy Policy
to the extent they relate to User Content that is also your personally-identifiable information.
For all User Content, you hereby grant ProductCraft by Pendo a license to translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content is viewable on an iPhone as well as a computer) and reproduce and otherwise act with respect to such User Content, in each case to enable us to operate the Services, as described in more detail below.  This is a license only  your ownership in User Content is not affected.
You understand and agree that ProductCraft by Pendo, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Content to conform and adapt that User Content to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.
Finally, you represent that any and all User Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is your sole responsibility, and you represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright ?
You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the DMCA), as it relates to online service providers, like ProductCraft by Pendo, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someones copyright.  We respect others intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers; to review our complete Copyright Dispute Policy and learn how to report potentially infringing content,
click here .  To learn more about the DMCA, click
here .
Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services ?
You access all Content at your own risk. ProductCraft by Pendo is not liable for any errors or omissions in Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it.   We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.  We cannot guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.
You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it.  You will keep all your registration information accurate and current.  You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Services.
The Services may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by ProductCraft by Pendo. When you access third party websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that ProductCraft by Pendo is not responsible for such risks.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website or service that you visit or utilize.
ProductCraft by Pendo has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, ProductCraft by Pendo will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third party site or service. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service.
Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that ProductCraft by Pendo shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.
If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you agree that ProductCraft by Pendo is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release ProductCraft by Pendo, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.
Will ProductCraft by Pendo ever change the Services?
Were always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time.  We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services.  Well try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isnt always practical. Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.
Does ProductCraft by Pendo cost anything?
The ProductCraft by Pendo Services are currently free, but we reserve the right to charge for certain or all Services in the future.  We will notify you before any Services you are then using begin carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using such Services, you must pay all applicable fees for such Services.
What if I want to stop using ProductCraft by Pendo ?
You may elect to terminate the Services and your account at any time by emailing
privacy@productcraft.com
with the Subject Line Delete Account.  Please refer to our
Privacy Policy , as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our Services.
ProductCraft by Pendo is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms.  ProductCraft by Pendo has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.
Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account.
If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at  privacy@productcraft.com
 we will try to help, but unfortunately, we cannot promise that we can recover or restore anything.
Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination.  By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us.
What else do I need to know?
Warranty Disclaimer.   Neither ProductCraft by Pendo nor its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.  We (and our licensors and suppliers) make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services.  Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) through the Services are provided AS IS and without any warranty of any kind from ProductCraft by Pendo or others (unless, with respect to such others only, provided expressly and unambiguously in writing by a designated third party for a specific product).  THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY PRODUCTCRAFT BY PENDO (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN AS-IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability .  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL PRODUCTCRAFT BY PENDO (OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO PRODUCTCRAFT BY PENDO IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity .  To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold ProductCraft by Pendo, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms.  In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (Claim), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).
Assignment .  You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without ProductCraft by Pendos prior written consent.  We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.
Choice of Law; Arbitration .  These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.  Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms shall be finally settled in Wake County, North Carolina, in English, in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction. For all purposes of these Terms, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, Wake County, North Carolina, or the Western District of North Carolina.
Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.  YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND PRODUCTCRAFT BY PENDO ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
Miscellaneous .  You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the ProductCraft by Pendo may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit.  The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.  If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  You and ProductCraft by Pendo agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and ProductCraft by Pendo, and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms.  You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of ProductCraft by Pendo, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind ProductCraft by Pendo in any respect whatsoever.
You and ProductCraft by Pendo agree that there are no third party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
Sign up to receive weekly news and trends from ProductCraft.
Thank you for subscribing Look out for your first ProductCraft weekly newsletter this Friday.
Trending Stories
Podcast
Product Love Podcast: Matt Lemay, Partner and Co-Founder of Sudden Compass
Perspectives
Whats Your (PM) Sign?
Perspectives
Product Management 101: Digital Adoption
Best Practices
Measuring the Success of Your Product Ops Team
Presented by
Categories
Best Practices
Perspectives
Profiles
Debates
Podcast
#Productstack
Learn More
About ProductCraft
Contribute
Masthead
Conference
FEB 25 - San Francisco
MAR 31 - London
APR 16 - Boston
All Events
Sign up today
Receive weekly news and trends from ProductCraft.
Subscribe
© 2020 Pendo.io, All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy