General Terms & Conditions
Rackspace: We manage your cloud services. You run your business. Rackspace Ceiling Call Us Sales Chat Email Us
Buy Now Fanatical Support for AWS Managed Google Cloud Platform OpenStack Public Cloud Office 365 Rackspace Email Hosted Exchange
Log In
Rackspace Navigation Solutions By Industry Automotive Digital Agencies Education Energy Financial Services Gaming Government Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Non-Profit Retail UK Public Sector By Business Challenge Addressing Regulatory Requirements Consolidating Data Centers Controlling IT Spend Delivering Software as a Service Ensuring Business Continuity Maximizing Uptime & Performance Migrating to the Cloud Modernizing Applications Outsourcing IT Protecting Business Data Scaling My Business Transforming My IT Application Management Business Intelligence Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Database Management Digital Experience Email Hosting Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Productivity and Collaboration Website Hosting Services Application Services Overview Application Managed Services Business Intelligence Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Digital Experience Email Hosting & Productivity Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java & .Net Application Services Data Overview Big Data DBA Services NoSQL Relational Colocation Managed Cloud Overview Cloud Connectivity Public Cloud Private Cloud Hybrid Cloud Multi-Cloud Managed Hosting Professional Services Overview Architecture Cloud Capabilities Data Migration Modernization Operations Security Strategy Security & Compliance Overview Managed Security Compliance Assistance Privacy and Data Protection Enterprise Security Platforms Amazon Web Services (AWS) FedRAMP Private Cloud Google Cloud Platform Kubernetes Microsoft Overview Azure Business Intelligence Exchange Hyper-V Office 365 SharePoint SQL Server ObjectRocket OpenStack Overview OpenStack Public Cloud OpenStack Private Cloud Oracle Overview Business Intelligence Commerce Databases Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Hyperion Rackspace Dedicated Servers Salesforce SAP Overview Business Intelligence Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) HANA C/4HANA Hybris VMware Digital Experience Adobe Experience Manager Drupal Oracle Commerce Sitecore Experience Platform SAP Hybris Synchronoss WordPress Email Platforms Exchange Rackspace Email Office 365 Resources Resource Center Customer Stories Events Solve: Thought Leadership Newsroom Corporate Blog Technical Blog Support Contact Support Support Documentation API Documentation How-To Articles System Status About Why Rackspace? Your Cloud Journey Careers Data Centers Leadership Risk & Compliance Partners Overview Cloud Resellers Referral Program Affiliate Program Strategic Partners Azure Resellers Email Resellers Rackspace Ceiling (Mobile)
Buy Now Rackspace Cloud Email & Apps Fanatical Support for AWS Managed Google Cloud Platform Office 365
Log In
General Terms & Conditions
1.  THE HOSTING SERVICES AGREEMENT
The Hosting Services Agreement incorporates the following documents by reference:
(i)   the Services Description that describes the Services you are buying and related fees;
(ii)
these General Terms and Conditions containing the general terms and conditions applicable to all Services,
(iii)
the specific Product Terms and Conditions containing the additional terms for the particular Hosting Services you are buying,
(iv)
the Acceptable Use Policy, and
(v)
if your Hosted System will be provided from data centers located both in the United States and one or more non-U.S. jurisdictions, the Country Specific Terms that may be applicable in those jurisdictions.  When we use the term Hosting Services Agreement or Agreement in any of these documents, we are referring collectively to all of them.  The Agreement is effective as of the time that you sign the form of Agreement prepared by Rackspace, or accept the Agreement as part of Rackspaces online order process.
2.  DEFINED TERMS
Some words used in the Agreement have particular meanings:
 Acceptable Use Policy  or  AUP  means the Rackspace Acceptable Use Policy posted at http://www.rackspace.com/information/legal/aup.php as of the date you sign the Agreement.
Affiliate  means any and all legal entities which now or hereafter the ultimate parent of Rackspace controls.  For the purpose of this definition, control shall mean an entity, directly or indirectly, holding more than fifty per cent (50%) of the issued share capital, or more than fifty per cent (50%) of the voting power at general meetings, or which has the power to appoint and to dismiss a majority of the directors or otherwise to direct the activities of such legal entity.
 Business Day  or  Business Hours  means 8:00 a.m.  5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, United States central time, excluding federal public holidays in the United States.
 Confidential Information  means all information disclosed by one of us to the other, whether before or after the effective date of the Agreement, that the recipient should reasonably understand to be confidential including: (i) unpublished prices and other terms of service, audit and security reports, product development plans, nonpublic information of the parties relating to its business activities or financial affairs, data center designs (including non-graphic information you may observe on a tour of a data center), server configuration designs, and other proprietary information or technology, and (ii) information that is marked or otherwise conspicuously designated as confidential.  Information that is developed by one of us on our own, without reference to the others Confidential Information, or that becomes available to one of us other than through violation of the Agreement or applicable law, shall not be Confidential Information of the other party.  Confidential Information shall not include Customer Data.
 Country Specific Terms  means the addendum or addenda that may be incorporated into your Hosting Services Agreement if a portion of your Services are to be provided from a non-United States jurisdiction for which we have special legal terms.
Customer Data
means all data, records, files, input materials, reports, forms and other such items, including any PII (as defined in the applicable Product Terms and Conditions) or "cardholder data" as that term is in the Payment Card Industry-Data Security Standard, that are received, stored, or transmitted using the Hosted System.
 Hosted System  means a combination of hardware, software and networking elements that comprise an information technology system.  Depending on the Services you are buying, the Hosted System may consist of a dedicated system for your use only, or the right to use certain parts of a shared system that Rackspace maintains for many customers, or a combination of some dedicated elements and some shared elements.
 Hosting Services  means: (i) Rackspaces provision for your use of the Hosted System described in the Services Description, and (ii) Support.
 Product Terms and Conditions  means the terms and conditions for the particular Hosting Services you are buying.
 Services Description  means: (i) the online order that you submit or accept for the Services, or (ii) any other written order (either in electronic or paper form) provided to you by Rackspace for signature that describes the type or types of services you are purchasing, and that is signed by you, either manually or electronically.
 Service Level Guaranty  or  Service Level Guaranties  means (i) a guaranty or guaranties identified as a Service Level Guaranty or Service Level Guaranties in the applicable Product Terms and Conditions or (ii) any provision which provides a specified credit remedy for an identified failure to deliver or provide the Services.
 Services  means Hosting Services and Supplementary Services, collectively.
 Supplementary Services  means those Services you purchase from Rackspace other than the Hosting Services, including time and materials based professional or consulting services (such as database administration or DBA services), one-time or non-recurring services which are not part of the existing Support (such as support for the application that you operate on your Hosted System), and any other services identified as "Supplementary Services" on the applicable Services Description.
 Support  has the meaning stated in the applicable Product Terms and Conditions.
3.  OUR OBLIGATIONS
Rackspaces obligation to begin providing Services is contingent on your satisfaction of Rackspaces credit approval criteria.  Rackspace will provide the Hosting Services in accordance with the Services Description, the Service Level Guaranties, and other specifications in this Agreement.  Rackspace will perform any Supplementary Services in a good and professional manner.  Rackspace will maintain security practices that are at least as stringent as the minimum security practices described at
http://www.rackspace.com/information/legal/securitypractices.php , and will provide the specific security services described in your Services Description.  Rackspace will perform all Services in accordance with applicable law.
4.  YOUR OBLIGATIONS
You must use reasonable security precautions in connection with your use of the Services.  You must comply with the laws applicable to your use of the Services and with the Acceptable Use Policy.  You must cooperate with Rackspaces reasonable investigation of Service outages, security problems, and any suspected breach of the Agreement.  You are responsible for keeping your account permissions, billing, and other account information up to date using your
MyRackspace®
portal or via another Rackspace defined process.  You must pay when due the fees for the Services stated in the Services Description or other agreement between us.
Customer Data Security :  In addition to the foregoing obligations, you acknowledge that you are solely responsible for taking steps to maintain appropriate security, protection and backup of Customer Data. Rackspaces security obligations with respect to Customer Data are limited to those obligations described in Section 3 above. Rackspace makes no other representation regarding the security of Customer Data. Customer is solely responsible for determining the suitability of the Services in light of the type of Customer Data used with the Services.
5.   PROMISES WE DO NOT MAKE
5.1  We do not promise that the Services will be uninterrupted, error-free, or completely secure.  You acknowledge that there are risks inherent in Internet connectivity that could result in the loss of your privacy, Customer Data, Confidential Information and property.
5.2  We disclaim any and all warranties not expressly stated in the Agreement  including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.  You are solely responsible for the suitability of the services chosen, including the suitability as it relates to your Customer Data.  Any services that we are not contractually obligated to provide but that we may perform for you at your request and without any additional charge are provided on an AS IS basis.
5.3   We do not promise to backup your data unless you have purchased backup services.  If you purchase backup services, we do not promise to retain the data backup for longer than the agreed data retention period.
5.4   We will provide Support only to your administrative or technical contacts listed on your account.  We will not provide support directly to your end users unless specifically agreed in writing.
5.5   Certain Rackspace Services are designed to help you comply with various regulatory requirements that may be applicable to you.  However, you are responsible for understanding the regulatory requirements applicable to your business and for selecting and using those Services in a manner that complies with the applicable requirements.
6.  ACCESS TO YOUR CUSTOMER DATA OR USE OF THE SERVICES
Rackspace is not responsible to you or any third party for unauthorized access to your data or the unauthorized use of the Services unless the unauthorized access or use results from Rackspaces failure to meet its security obligations stated in Section 3 ( Our Obligations ) of these General Terms and Conditions or the Services Description.  You are responsible for the use of the Services by any employee of yours, any person you authorize to use the Services, any person to whom you have given access to the Services, and any person who gains access to your data or the Services as a result of your failure to use reasonable security precautions, even if such use was not authorized by you.
Rackspace agrees that it will not use or disclose Customer Data. Customer Data is and at all times shall remain the exclusive property of Customer and will remain in the exclusive care, custody, and control of Customer.
7.  TAXES ON SERVICES
7.1  Sales Taxes.  Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Agreement or included in the invoice for the Services, all amounts due to Rackspace under the Agreement are exclusive of any value added, goods and services, sales, use, property, excise and like taxes, import duties and/or applicable levies (collectively,  Tax ).  If Rackspace is required by law to collect Taxes on the provision of the Service, Rackspace will invoice you for such Tax and you must pay Rackspace the amount of the Tax that is due or provide Rackspace with satisfactory evidence of your exemption from the Tax.  The obligation to pay any Taxes that Customer may be required to pay in connection with Customers use of Services or Customers payment of amounts due to Rackspace under the Agreement shall be borne exclusively by Customer. You must provide Rackspace with accurate factual and adequate information and documentation (as determined by Rackspace), to help Rackspace determine if any Tax is due with respect to the provision of the Services.
7.2  Withholding Taxes. All payments to Rackspace shall be made without any withholding or deduction for any Taxes, except for any withholding (or similar) taxes imposed on income that may be attributed to Rackspace in connection with its provision of the Services that you are legally required to withhold from such payment and remit to the applicable governmental or taxing authority (such taxes,  Local Withholding Taxes ).  You agree to timely provide Rackspace with adequate and accurate factual information and documentation (as determined by Rackspace), including tax receipts, of your payment of any such Local Withholding Taxes.  Rackspace shall remit such cost to you in the form of a credit on your outstanding account balance following receipt of sufficient evidence of payment of any such Local Withholding Taxes as set forth above.
8.  EXPORT MATTERS
You represent and warrant that you are not on the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Asset Controls list of Specially Designated National and Blocked Persons and are not otherwise a person to whom Rackspace is legally prohibited to provide the Services.  You may not provide administrative access to the Services to any person (including any natural person or government or private entity) that is located in or is a national of any country that is embargoed or highly restricted under United States export regulations.
9.  TERM AND FEES
See your applicable Product Terms and Conditions and Services Description for applicable term and renewal information as well as fee and pricing information.
10.  SUSPENSION OF SERVICES
We may suspend Services without liability if:  (i) we reasonably believe that the Services are being used in violation of the Agreement; (ii)  you dont cooperate with our reasonable investigation of any suspected violation of the Agreement;  (iii) there is an attack on your Hosted System or your Hosted System is accessed or manipulated by a third party without your consent, (iv) we are required by law, or a regulatory or government body to suspend your Services, or (v)  there is another event for which we reasonably believe that the suspension of Services is necessary to protect the Rackspace network or our other customers.  We will give you advance notice of a suspension under this paragraph of at least twelve (12) Business Hours unless we determine in our reasonable commercial judgment that a suspension on shorter or contemporaneous notice is necessary to protect Rackspace or its other customers from imminent and significant operational, legal, or security risk.   If your Hosted System is compromised, then you must address the vulnerability prior to Rackspace placing the Hosted System back in service or, at your request, we may be able to perform this work for you at our standard hourly rates as a Supplementary Service.
11.  TERMINATION FOR BREACH
11.1  You may terminate the Agreement for breach if:
(i)
we materially fail to provide the Services as agreed and do not remedy that failure within ten (10) days of your written notice describing the failure,
(ii)
we fail to meet The Fanatical Support Promise® (subject to the conditions and procedures described at http://www.rackspace.com/whyrackspace/support/promise/remedy.php), or
(iii)
we materially fail to meet any other obligation stated in the Agreement and do not remedy that failure within thirty (30) days of your written notice describing the failure.
11.2  We may terminate the Agreement for breach if:
(i)
we discover that the information you provided for the purpose of establishing the Services is materially inaccurate or incomplete,
(ii)
the individual signing the Agreement did not have the legal right or authority to enter into the Agreement on behalf of the person represented to be the customer,
(iii)   your payment of any invoiced amount is overdue and you do not pay the overdue amount within four (4) Business Days of our written notice,
(iv)
without notice if you have made payment arrangements via credit card or other third party, and the third party refuses to honor our charges,  or
(v)   you fail to comply with any other provision of the Agreement and do not remedy the failure within thirty (30) days of our notice to you describing the failure.  We may also terminate the Agreement for breach if you violate the AUP more than once even if you cure each violation, or if your agreement for any other Rackspace service is terminated for breach of the acceptable use policy applicable to that service.
11.3  Either of us may terminate the Agreement if the other party becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or enters into or files (or has filed or commenced against it) a petition, arrangement, application, action or other proceeding seeking relief or protection under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any similar laws of the United States or any state of the United States.
12.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Each of us agrees not to use the others Confidential Information except in connection with the performance or use of the Services, as applicable, the exercise of our respective legal rights under the Agreement, as may be required by law, or as set forth below.
Each of us agrees not to disclose the others Confidential Information to any third person except as follows:
to each of our respective service providers, employees, Affiliates, suppliers, agents and representatives, provided that such service providers, employees, Affiliates, suppliers, agents or representatives agree to confidentiality measures that are at least as stringent as those stated in this General Terms and Conditions;
to a law enforcement or government agency if either of us reasonably believes that the others conduct may violate applicable criminal law;
as required by law; or
in response to a subpoena or other compulsory legal process, provided that each of us agrees to give the other written notice of at least seven (7) days prior to disclosing Confidential Information under this subsection (or prompt notice in advance of disclosure, if seven (7) days advance notice is not reasonably feasible), unless the law forbids such notice.
13.  LIMITATION ON DAMAGES
13.1  We are not liable to you for failing to provide the Services unless such failure results from a breach of a Service Level Guaranty, or results from our gross negligence, willful misconduct, or intentional breach of the Agreement.  The credits stated in the Service Level Guaranty are your
sole and exclusive
remedy for our failure to meet those guaranties for which credits are provided unless such failure is due to Rackspaces willful misconduct.
13.2  Neither of us (nor any of our employees, agents, affiliates or suppliers) is liable to the other for any indirect, special, incidental, exemplary or consequential loss or damages of any kind.  In addition, neither of us is liable for any loss that could have been avoided by the damaged partys use of reasonable diligence, even if the party responsible for the damages has been advised or should be aware of the possibility of such damages.  In no event shall either of us be liable to the other for any punitive damages or for any loss of profits, revenue, customers, contracts or goodwill.
13.3  We are not liable to you for lost data unless and to the extent you purchase data backup services from Rackspace and we fail to provide the backup services as agreed.  If you purchase backup services, you release Rackspace from liability for loss of data to the extent that the data has changed since the time that we were last required by the Agreement to perform a backup.
13.4  Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, except for liability based on willful misconduct or fraudulent misrepresentation, and liability for death or personal injury resulting from Rackspaces negligence, the maximum aggregate monetary liability of Rackspace and any of its employees, agents, suppliers, or affiliates in connection with the Services, the Agreement, and any act or omission related to the Services or Agreement, under any theory of law (including breach of contract, tort, strict liability, violation of law, and infringement) shall not exceed: (i) for Hosting Services  an amount that is twelve (12) times one months recurring fee under the Agreement for the Services that are the subject of the claim as of the time of the occurrence of the events giving rise to the claim, and (ii) for Supplementary Services, fees paid for the Supplementary Services that are the subject of the claim.
14.  INDEMNIFICATION
14.1  If we, our affiliates, or any of our or their respective employees, agents, or suppliers (the Indemnitees) is faced with a legal claim by a third party arising out of your actual or alleged gross negligence, willful misconduct, violation of law, failure to meet the security obligations required by the Agreement, violation of the AUP, violation of your agreement with your customers or end users, or violation of Section 8 ( Export Matters ) or Section 16 ( Software ) of this General Terms and Conditions, then you will pay the cost of defending the claim (including reasonable attorney fees) and any damages award, fine or other amount that is imposed on the Indemnitees as a result of the claim.  Your obligations under this subsection include claims arising out of the acts or omissions of your employees or agents, any other person to whom you have given access to the Services, and any person who gains access to the Services as a result of your failure to use reasonable security precautions, even if the acts or omissions of such persons were not authorized by you.  You must also pay reasonable attorney fees and other expenses we incur in connection with any dispute between persons having a conflicting claim to control your account with us, or any claim by your customer or end user arising from an actual or alleged breach of your obligations to them.
14.2  We will choose legal counsel to defend the claim, provided that these decisions must be reasonable and must be promptly communicated to you.  You must comply with our reasonable requests for assistance and cooperation in the defense of the claim.  We may not settle the claim without your consent, although such consent may not be unreasonably withheld.  You must pay expenses due under this Section as we incur them.
15.  PUBLICITY
You agree that we may publicly disclose that we are providing Services to you and may use your name and logo to identify you as our customer in promotional materials, including press releases.  We will not use your name or logo in a manner that suggests an endorsement or affiliation.
16.  SOFTWARE
16.1  General .  You may not copy any software we provide for your use unless expressly permitted by the Agreement or use such software after the expiration or termination of the Agreement.  You may not remove, modify or obscure any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices that appear on any software we provide for your use.  Unless permitted by the terms of an open source software license, you may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any software we provide for your use except and to the extent that you are expressly permitted by applicable law to do this, and then following at least ten (10) days advance written notice to us.   In addition to the terms of our Agreement, your use of any Microsoft® software is governed by: (i) Microsoft's license terms that appear at
http://www.rackspace.com/information/legal/microsoftlicenseclient.php , for client or redistributable software, (ii) Microsofts license terms at
www.rackspace.com/information/microsoftlicensemobility.php
for use of Microsoft software on the Rackspace Cloud under the license mobility program, and (iii) any use restrictions on your use of the Microsoft software as indicated in your Services Description, such as a limitation on the number of users (a "SAL" license).
16.2  Customer Provided Licenses .  If you use any non-Rackspace provided software on your Hosted System you represent and warrant to Rackspace that you have the legal right to use the software in that manner.  If Rackspace has agreed to install, patch or otherwise manage software in reliance on your license with a software vendor (rather than Rackspaces license with the software vendor), then you represent and warrant that you have a written license agreement with the vendor that permits Rackspace to perform these activities.  On Rackspaces request you will certify in writing that you are in compliance with the requirements of this paragraph and any other software license restrictions that are part of the Agreement, and will provide evidence of your compliance as we may reasonably request.  If you fail to provide the required evidence of licensing Rackspace may, at its option, either (i) charge you its standard fee for the use of the software in reliance on Rackspaces licensing agreement with the vendor until such time as the required evidence is provided or (ii)  suspend or terminate the Agreement.
Please Note :   Your licensed software may not be compatible with Rackspaces standard process for deploying and repairing Hosted Systems.  In addition, in order to install the software Rackspace may require you to send the physical or electronic media provided to you by the vendor, both for deployment and again in the event of a failure of your Hosted System.  You agree that Rackspace will not be in breach of any Service Level Guaranty or other obligation under this Agreement that would not have occurred but for a delay resulting from our agreement to use your licensed software.
17.  RECOMMENDATIONS
Rackspace personnel may from time to time recommend third party software or other products and services for your consideration.  RACKSPACE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER REGARDING PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT ARE NOT PURCHASED FROM RACKSPACE.  Your use of any such products and services is governed by the terms of your agreement with the provider of those products and services.
18.  WHO MAY USE THE SERVICE
You may permit your subsidiaries and affiliated companies to use the Services if you wish, however you are responsible for the acts or omissions of your permitted users.  Rackspace will provide support only to you, not to your customers, subsidiaries or affiliates. There are no third party beneficiaries to the Agreement, meaning that your customers, subsidiaries, affiliates and other third parties do not have any rights against either of us under this Agreement.
19.  FANATICAL SUPPORT PROMISE®
Rackspace commits to the Fanatical Support Promise® found at
http://www.rackspace.com/managed_hosting/support/promise/ .  If we fail to meet The Fanatical Support Promise®, you may terminate the Agreement, subject to the conditions and procedures therein.  Such termination is your sole and exclusive remedy for our failure to meet The Fanatical Support Promise®.
20.  TEST SERVICES
If you use any Services that have been designated as a Beta service, limited release, pilot test, or with similar designation, then your use of that Service is subject to the terms at http://www.rackspace.com/information/legal/testterms.php.
21.
SERVICES MANAGEMENT AGENT
You agree that you will not interfere with any services management software agent(s) that Rackspace installs on your Hosted System.  Rackspace agrees that its agents will use only a minimal amount of computing resources, and will not interfere with your use of your Hosted System.  Rackspace will use the agents to track system information so that it can more efficiently manage various service issues, such as patching exceptions and product life cycles.  Rackspace may also use the agents to identify security vulnerabilities.  Rackspace will not use the agents to view or capture your content or data.  Your Services will become unsupported as described in the Product Terms if you disable or interfere with our services management software agent(s).  You agree that Rackspace may access your Hosted System to reinstall services management software agents if you disable them or interfere with their performance.
22.  NOTICES
Your routine communications to Rackspace regarding the Services, including any notice of non-renewal, should be sent to your Rackspace account team using the
MyRackspace
portal.  If you want to give a notice regarding termination of the Agreement for breach, indemnification, or other non-routine legal matter, you should send it by electronic mail and first class United States mail to:
legalnotice@rackspace.com
General Counsel
Rackspace US, Inc.
One Fanatical Place
City of Windcrest, Texas 78218
MAIL STOP:  US109-2301
Rackspaces routine communications regarding the Services and legal notices will be posted on the
MyRackspace
portal or sent to the individual(s) you designate as your contact(s) on your account either by electronic mail (including an electronic mail referring you to a ticket posted on your
MyRackspace
portal), United States mail, or overnight courier.  Notices are deemed received as of the time posted or delivered, or if that time does not fall within a Business Day, as of the beginning of the first Business Day following the time posted or delivered.  For purposes of counting days for notice periods, the Business Day on which the notice is deemed received counts as the first day.  Notices must be given in the English language.
23.  OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Each of us retains all right, title and interest in and to our respective trade secrets, inventions, copyrights and other intellectual property.  Any intellectual property developed by Rackspace during the performance of the Services shall belong to Rackspace unless we have agreed with you in advance in writing that you shall have an interest in the intellectual property.
24.  OWNERSHIP OF OTHER PROPERTY
You do not acquire any ownership interest in or right to possess the Hosted System, and you have no right of physical access to the Hosted System.   We do not acquire any ownership interest in or right to the information you transmit to or from or store on your Rackspace servers or other devices or media.
25.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
If Rackspace or any of its customers is faced with a credible claim that the Services infringe on the intellectual property rights of a third party, and Rackspace is not reasonably able to obtain the right to use the infringing element or modify the Services such that they do not infringe, then Rackspace may terminate the Services on reasonable notice of at least ninety (90) days, and will not have any liability on account of such termination except to refund amounts paid for Services not used as of the time of termination.
26.  ASSIGNMENT/SUBCONTRACTORS
Neither party may assign the Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party except that Rackspace may assign the Agreement to an Affiliate with sufficient financial standing in order to meet its obligations under this Agreement or as part of a bona fide corporate reorganization or a sale of its business. Rackspace may use third party service providers to perform all or any part of the Services, but Rackspace remains responsible to you under this Agreement for Services performed by its third party service providers to the same extent as if Rackspace performed the Services itself.
27.  FORCE MAJEURE
Neither of us will be in violation of the Agreement if the failure to perform the obligation is due to an event beyond our control, such as significant failure of a part of the power grid, significant failure of the Internet, natural disaster, war, riot, insurrection, epidemic, strikes or other organized labor action, terrorism, or other events of a magnitude or type for which precautions are not generally taken in the industry.
28.  GOVERNING LAW, LAWSUITS
The Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Texas, exclusive of any choice of law principle that would require the application of the law of a different jurisdiction, and the laws of the United States of America, as applicable. The Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. Each of us agrees that any dispute or claim, including without limitation, statutory, contract or tort claims, relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the alleged breach of this Agreement, shall, upon timely written request of either of us, be submitted to binding arbitration.  The party asserting the claim may elect to have the arbitration be in-person, telephonic or decided based on written submissions. The arbitration shall be conducted in the State and county (or equivalent geographic location) of the non-asserting partys principal business offices.  The arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in effect at the time the claim or dispute arose.  The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator from AAA or a comparable arbitration service, and who is selected pursuant to the applicable rules of the AAA.  The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned award with findings of fact and conclusions of law and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Either you or we may bring an action in any court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration under this Agreement, or to enforce or vacate an arbitration award. We will pay the fee for the arbitrator and your filing fee, to the extent that it is more than a court filing fee. We agree that we will not seek reimbursement of our fees and expenses if the arbitrator rules in our favor. Each of us waives any right to a trial by jury, and agrees that disputes will be resolved through arbitration. No claim subject to this provision may be brought as a class or collective action, nor may you assert such a claim as a member of a class or collective action that is brought by another claimant. Each of us agrees that we will not bring a claim under the Agreement more than two years after the time that the claim accrued. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of both parties.
29.  SOME AGREEMENT MECHANICS
These General Terms and Conditions, the applicable Product Terms, and any applicable Country Specific Terms are incorporated in your Agreement by reference to pages on the Rackspace website.  Although we may from time to time revise the General Terms and Conditions, Product Terms, and Country Specific Terms posted on those pages, those revisions will not be effective as to an Agreement that you signed prior to the date we posted the revisions, and your Agreement will continue to be governed by the General Terms and Conditions and Product Terms posted on the effective date of the Agreement until the first day of any renewal or extended term that follows the date we published the revision.  However, if over time you accept multiple Agreements for a single Hosted System for example to add service elements to an existing Hosted System, then the version of the General Terms and Conditions, Product Terms and Conditions,  and Country Specific Terms (if any) referenced in the last Agreement will govern the entire Hosted System, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
Unless otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, the General Terms and Conditions, Product Terms and Conditions, Acceptable Use Policy, Country Specific Terms and Conditions, and any addenda referenced in any of them, may be amended only by a formal written agreement signed by both parties.  A Services Description may be amended to modify, add, or remove Services, by a formal written agreement signed by both parties, or by an exchange of correspondence, including via electronic mail or the Rackspace ticketing system, that includes the express consent of an authorized individual for each of us.  The pre-printed terms on your purchase order or other business forms will not become part of this Agreement.
If there is a conflict between the terms of any of the documents that comprise the Agreement, the documents will govern in the following order: signature page for Hosting Service Agreement, Country Specific Terms (if any), Services Description, Product Terms and Conditions, any addendum to the General Terms and Conditions, the General Terms and Conditions, and the Acceptable Use Policy.  If any part of the Agreement is found unenforceable by a court, the rest of the Agreement will nonetheless continue in effect, and the unenforceable part shall be reformed to the extent possible to make it enforceable but still consistent with the business and financial objectives of the parties underlying the Agreement.  Each of us may enforce each of our respective rights under the Agreement even if we have waived the right or failed to enforce the same or other rights in the past.  The relationship between us is that of independent contractors and not business partners.  Neither of us is the agent for the other, and neither of us has the right to bind the other on any agreement with a third party.  The captions in the Agreement are for convenience only and are not part of the Agreement.  The use of the word including in the Agreement shall be read to mean including without limitation.  The words our and us refers to Rackspace, unless the context clearly indicates another meaning.  The Agreement is effective when you sign it, even though the initial term may be defined in the Agreement with reference to the Service Commencement Date or other date.  The following provisions shall survive expiration or termination of the Agreement: (i) Sections 5.1,  5.2,  7,  12,  13,  14,  20, 21,  22,  23, 24, 28, and 29 of this General Terms and Conditions, (ii) all provisions in the Agreement requiring you to pay fees for Services provided prior to the time of expiration or termination or requiring you to pay an early termination fee, and (iii) all other provisions of the Agreement that by their nature are intended to survive expiration or termination of the Agreement.
If you have made any change to the Agreement that you did not bring to our attention in a way that is reasonably calculated to put us on notice of the change, the change shall not become part of the Agreement.
The Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts, which taken together will be considered one original.  Facsimile signatures, signatures on an electronic image (such as .pdf or .jpg format), and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be original signatures.
Rackspace®, MyRackspace® and The Fanatical Support Promise®   are registered trademarks of Rackspace US, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries.   Microsoft
is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation .
© 2020 Rackspace, US Inc.
 Revised
About Rackspace Blog Support Legal About Us Careers Compliance Contact Us Investors Leadership Responsibility Sitemap Rackspace Blog Rackspace Newsroom Solve: Thought Leadership Technical Blog Support Overview Developers Support Documentation System Status Legal Overview Privacy Center Trademarks Website Terms
2020 Rackspace US, Inc.
Change your region:
United States/English