
Terms of Service - Rubrik Software
×
RubrikSoft.com
Home App - for Parents and Students
School App - for Teachers, Principals & Board Admins
Education News
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
   Menu
Login
Login
RubrikSoft.com
Home App - for Parents and Students
School App - for Teachers, Principals & Board Admins
Education News
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your relationship with https://rubriksoft.com website (the "Service") operated by Rubrik Software Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") - formerly Neo Learning Systems Inc.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms and accept all legal consequences. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or Rubrik Software Inc. cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting Rubrik Software Inc. customer support team.
A valid payment method, including credit card or PayPal, is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide Rubrik Software Inc. with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state (or province), zip code (or postal code), telephone number, and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize Rubrik Software Inc. (or Neo Learning System Inc.) to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, Rubrik Software Inc. will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
Fee Changes
Rubrik Software Inc., in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
Rubrik Software Inc. will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Certain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by Rubrik Software Inc. on a case-by-case basis and granted in sole discretion of Rubrik Software Inc.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images, graphics or code are the property of Rubrik Software Inc. and are protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property rights. You may display portions of the material from the different areas of the Service only for your own non-commercial use. Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. Copying, downloading or printing material is strictly prohibited. These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of Rubrik Software Inc. or its affiliates. You agree that any content you upload or save to the Service shall be deemed the property of Rubrik Software Inc. It is your responsibilty to ensure that you do not upload any material to the Service that is the property and/or copyright of any other person or entity. You further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Rubrik Software Inc.
Rubrik Software Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Rubrik Software Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Supported Web Browsers
Rubrik Software recommends using the Google Chrome web browser for the best user experience and to ensure that all functionality works correctly; using the older Microsoft Internet Explorer browser is NOT compatible with our software.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Rubrik Software Inc., its principals, officers, directors, representatives, employees, contractors, licensors, licensees, suppliers and agents, from and against any claims, losses, damages, losses, obligations, costs, actions or demands.
These include but are not limited to: (a) legal and accounting fees resulting from your use of the Service; (b) your breach of any of these Terms; (c) anything you post on or upload to the Service; and (d) any activity related to your account. This includes any negligent or illegal conduct by you, any person or entity accessing the Service using your account whether such access is obtained via fraudulent or illegal means.
Limitation Of Liability
Rubrik Software Inc., its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to electronic media or data, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your inability to access or use the Service; (iii) any conduct or content of any third-party on or related to the Service; (iiv) any content obtained from or through the Service; and (v) the unauthorized access to, use of or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other claim in law, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of Rights
Rubrik Software Inc. makes no guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind as regards the website and associated technology. Any purportedly applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of any province in Canada. In such cases, the provincial law shall apply to the extent necessary.
Rubrik Software Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
If you breach any of these Terms and Rubrik Software Inc. chooses not to immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, Rubrik Software Inc. will still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in any other situation, where you breach these Terms. Rubrik Software Inc. does not waive any of its rights. Rubrik Software Inc. shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its control. A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights of enforcement.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
Exclusions
As set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you. Provincial laws of Canada may apply to certain products and service provided.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws in the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, as applicable.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Rubrik Software Inc.
Waterloo, ON
Canada
info@rubriksoft.com
© RUBRIK SOFTWARE INC.     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.