Terms & Conditions   Sumo Logic
Supporting a Remote Workforce?
Improve the security of VPN, Zoom & Office365 services.
How it Works
Apps & Integrations
Platform Security
Continuous Intelligence Platform
Platform
One Platform Many Uses
Operations Intelligence
Security Intelligence
Business Intelligence
Multi-Cloud Technology
AWS Management
Azure Management
GCP Management
Public Sector
Microservices
Kubernetes Management
Solutions
Pricing
Customers
Resource Center
Blog
Podcast
Learn
CI Report
We're here to Support You
Community
Events
Live Demos and Webinars
Support
Resources
Who We Are
Our Leadership Team
Careers
Newsroom
Partner Program
Partners
Technology Partners
About
Contact
Log In
Start free trial
Start free trial
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE (AGREEMENT) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY SUMO LOGIC, INC. (COMPANY). BY VISITING THE WEBSITES OR USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND A PARTY TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES. USE OF COMPANYS SERVICES IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.
ACCESS TO THE SERVICES. The
https://sumologic.com
website and domain name and all other websites and domain names affiliated with Company, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith (collectively, the Website) are owned and operated by Company. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company may offer to provide certain services, as described more fully on the Website, and which are selected by you through the process provided on the Website (together with the Website, Services), solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. The term Services shall include, without limitation, any service Company performs for you and the Content (as defined below) offered by Company on the Website. Company may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content. Company may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. For example, if you wish to gain access to Companys security and compliance related services, you must enter into a separate agreement with Company found here
https://www.sumologic.com/service-agreement/ . Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Website, or by sending you a notice via email or postal mail. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Company or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
legal@sumologic.com .
You represent and warrant to Company that: (i) you are a natural person or the entity you represent have the authority to enter into this agreement; (ii) all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful; and (iii) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection and use of and access to the Services. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.
WEBSITE CONTENT. The Website and its contents are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of Website users and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or performed on the Website that are created and/or provided by the Company (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations (also known as the Content)) are protected by copyright. You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right.
The Website is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section 2), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.
You may download or copy the Content (and other items displayed on the Website for download) for personal non-commercial use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. You shall not store any significant portion of any Content in any form. Copying or storing of any Content other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Company or from the copyright holder identified in such Contents copyright notice. You shall not link to the Website without Companys prior written consent.
Company has a separate agreement (found here
https://www.sumologic.com/service-agreement/ ) for all its security and compliance related services through which you are required to upload related security, compliance and log data (Data). For clarity, such Data is distinct from Content and User Submissions, and this agreement includes separate confidentiality provisions governing Sumo Logics use of such Data.
In the course of using the Services, you and other users may provide information which may be used by Company in connection with the Services and which may be visible to certain other users, to the extent you provide those users with access to such information. If you allow other users to access the information or content you post on the Website (User Submissions), you understand that Company cannot control what those other users will do with your User Submissions. For example, another user may make your User Submissions publicly available or redistribute your User Submissions throughout the internet. You may limit access to your User Submissions to trustworthy individuals if you so choose. Your User Submissions are owned by you, and you are solely responsible for your conduct regarding and content included in your User Submissions. You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that Company will not be liable for any errors or omissions in such content, including without limitation in any User Submissions. You understand that Company cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Services. Additionally, Company cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content or User Submissions accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom.
Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services.
YOUR WARRANTY. You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any User Submissions or otherwise use the Services in a manner that (i) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party; (ii)violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iii) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable; (iv) involves commercial activities and/or sales without Companys prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (v) impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of Company; or (vi) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful computer code, file, or program. Company reserves the right to remove any Content or User Submissions from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or User Submissions or if Company is concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. You, not Company, remain solely responsible for all User Submissions that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Services, and you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such content to Company and to grant Company the rights to use such information in connection with the Services and as otherwise provided herein.
RESTRICTIONS. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your right to access or use the Services. You may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Company user. Use of the Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material (including material that may be considered threatening or obscene), or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited. You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or spam on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged on to the Website, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of or place an unreasonable load on the Services infrastructure. Further, the use of manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to crawl or spider any page of the Website is strictly prohibited. You will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code of the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. Company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Company has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Services; what Content or User Submissions you access via the Services; what effects the Content or User Submissions may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content or User Submissions; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content or User Submissions. You release Company from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content or User Submissions through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Company makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Company will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. THE SERVICES, CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS, WEBSITE AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
PRIVACY POLICY. For information regarding Companys treatment of personally identifiable information, please review Companys current Privacy Policy at
https://www.sumologic.com/privacy , which is hereby incorporated by reference; your acceptance of this Agreement constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by Companys Privacy Policy.
REGISTRATION AND SECURITY. As a condition to using some aspects of the Services, you may be required to register with Company and select a password and user name (Company User ID). You shall provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your account. You may not (i)select or use as a Company User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii)use as a Company User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization. Company reserves the right to refuse registration of or cancel a Company User ID in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
INDEMNITY. You will indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Services, use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I)FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF FEES PAID BY YOU THEREFOR OR $100; (II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND COMPANYS REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
FEES AND PAYMENT. Company reserves the right to require payment of fees for certain Services. If you choose to sign up for any of our Services that carries a fee, you hereby represent and warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described in the Price List
https://www.sumologic.com/pricing
in connection with such Services selected by you. Company reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges at any time, upon notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Website. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased charges.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES. The Services may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Company, or the Services may be accessible by logging in through a third party website or service. When you access third party websites, you do so at your own risk. You hereby represent and warrant that you have read and agreed to be bound by all applicable policies of any third party websites or services relating to your use of the Services and that you will act in accordance with those policies, in addition to your obligations under this Agreement. Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites. In addition, Company will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third party site.
By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Company from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that Company shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you understand and agree that Company is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Company, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.
TERMINATION. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your use of the Services or your membership at any time by following the instructions on the Website. Company may terminate your access to the Services or your membership at any time, for any reason, and without warning, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. Company may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Website immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services, access the Website, and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.
MISCELLANEOUS. The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Company shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Companys reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including line-noise interference). If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Companys prior written consent. Company may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in San Francisco County, California, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts located in the Northern District of California. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Company in any respect whatsoever.
COPYRIGHT DISPUTE POLICY. Company has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or DMCA. The address of Companys Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (Designated Agent) is listed at the end of this Section. It is Companys policy to (1) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.
Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements:
If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence;
Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, email address;
A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material identified in (3) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent:
It is Companys policy:
to remove or disable access to the infringing material;
to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material; and
that repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that Company will terminate such content providers, members or users access to the Services.
Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:
If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owners agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider, member, or user, must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:
A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and
Content providers, members or users name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content providers, members or users address is located, or, if the content providers, members or users address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Company may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Companys discretion.
Please contact Companys Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement at the following address:
Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
legal@sumologic.com .
CONTACT. If you have any questions, complaints, or claims with respect to the Services, you may contact us at
legal@sumologic.com .
Effective: November, 2011
×
Company
About Us
Our Partners
Careers
News
Events & Webinars
Learn More
Pricing
Request Demo
Platform Security
DevOps Glossary
New Features
Support
Training & Certifications
Documentation
Community
Help Center
©2020 Sumo Logic
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Service Agreement
Sitemap
English

