Privacy policy   Collibra
Platform
Collibra Platform
Marketplace
Partners
Security
Collibra Platform
Gain full visibility across your data landscape, find meaning in your data and improve the quality of business decisions.
Collibra Marketplace
Discover and download solutions and pre-built integrations for the Collibra Platform.
Collibra Partners
Get unparalleled value through the combined expertise and unique strengths of our people and technology.
Collibra Security
See how security plays a key role in everything from how we build and deliver our platform to how we hire and train employees.
Solutions
Products
Collibra Catalog
Collibra Governance
Collibra Lineage
Collibra Privacy & Risk
Collibra Catalog
Discover and understand data that matters so you can generate impactful insights that drive business value.
Collibra Governance
Understand your ever-growing amount of data in a way that scales with growth and change.
Collibra Lineage
Show how data sets are built, aggregated, sourced and used, providing complete, end-to-end lineage visualization.
Collibra Privacy & Risk
Build customer trust by operationalizing privacy policies and scaling compliance across new regulations.
Cloud ready data
Modernize your operations with a solution that is scalable, accessible and resilient: data in the cloud.
Digital transformation
Drive digital growth and customer engagement by breaking down data silos and adding value to customer interactions.
Self-service analytics
Fuel your self-services analytics with the right data to develop unique business insights.
Financial services
Innovate for the future while successfully navigating the complex web of regulations.
Government and public sector
Transform decision making in the public sector with secure Data Intelligence that is FedRAMP Authorized.
Use cases
Cloud ready data
Digital transformation
Self-service analytics
Industries
Financial services
Government and public sector
Customers
Community
Customer stories
Customer success
University
Community
Tap into our knowledge base by connecting, sharing and learning from your peers in our Data Citizens community.
Customer stories
See how Collibra is helping global organizations unlock the value of their data.
Customer success
Find the resources you need to accelerate time to value and fuel your growth.
University
Learn from the leaders in Data Intelligence through our individual courses, learning paths, and certification programs.
Resources
Resource library
Blog
Data Citizens '20
Events
Data Intelligence
Newsroom
Careers
Contact us
Resource library
Take your data strategy to the next level by arming yourself with the knowledge you need to achieve Data Intelligence.
Collibra Blog
Get advice, tips and tricks from our product experts and industry thought leaders to learn how to make your data meaningful.
Data Citizens '20
Join the worlds largest virtual gathering of professionals focused on empowering businesses to deliver on strategic goals through Data Intelligence.
Upcoming events
Check our upcoming events calendar to discover exciting opportunities to learn from our product and industry experts.
Data Intelligence
Connect the right data, insights, algorithms and people to optimize processes, increase efficiency and drive innovation.
Newsroom
Read our latest announcements, news coverage and thought leadership articles.
Careers
Find an opportunity to challenge and be challenged, and work with some of the most talented people in the business.
Contact us
Get in touch with a member of our global team by locating an office near you, calling us or sending an email.
Request a demo
Log in
Search
Request a demo
Search
Search
July 30, 2019
·
New York
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy (Policy) describes how Collibra NV and its affiliates (Collibra, we, us or our) collect, use, protect and share your Personal Information on our website and online platforms (i.e., https://www.collibra.com/, Collibra Community, Collibra University and Collibra Marketplace) (the Platforms) or when you otherwise interact with us (collectively, the Services).
This Policy does not apply to the Personal Information processed, maintained or otherwise managed by Collibra solely for the benefit of, on the behalf of or under the exclusive direction or control of its customers in Collibras capacity as a service provider. To learn more about the processing of your Personal Information in that context, please consult the relevant customers privacy policy as well as Collibras
Data Processing Addendum.
If you are a California resident, please also review our
California Resident Privacy Notice.
Contents
Personal Information we collect
How we use your Personal Information
How we use cookies and similar technologies
How we share your Personal Information
How long we retain your Personal Information
How we transfer your Personal Information
How we secure your Information
Your rights
Third-Party Sites
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
Personal Information we collect.
In this Policy, Personal Information means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. We collect Personal Information about you, either directly from you (e.g., when you register an account) or indirectly through automated methods (e.g., via cookies) as listed below.
Where applicable, we indicate in this Policy if and why we need you to provide us with your Personal Information and the consequences if you choose not to provide your Personal Information. For example, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that Personal Information is necessary to provide you with such Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
Personal Information provided by you.
Business contact information.
We may receive professional contact details of employees and other individuals associated with our customers, partners and vendors, such as first and last name, email address, phone number, title and department, and other Personal Information relevant to the particular business relationship (e.g., via the invite colleagues feature on Collibra Community).
Account information.
When you register for our Services, we collect your first and last name, user name, profile picture, password and email address.
Communication with Collibra.
When you contact us via a contact form, via email, via our helpdesk or by any other means (e.g., to request a demo, to request technical support, to download content from our Platforms, to ask a question via our online contact form, to propose a course on Collibra University), you may provide us with your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, company, title or role and the contents and nature of your correspondence with us.
In-Platform communication.
If you have a registered account, you can also send messages through, and post comments on, our Platforms. When you do so, we collect the Personal Information you choose to provide us, such as your contact details, any images you choose to upload and the contents and nature of your message.
Notifications and marketing messages.
When you sign up to receive notifications or marketing from us, you may provide us with your name, email address, company and title/role, depending on the sign-up form that you use (e.g., for product updates, community announcements, newsletters).
Personal Information we collect from other sources.
Additionally, we may receive Information about you from other third parties whom you have authorized to share your Information or who collect your Information in connection with co-branded offerings. For example, when you register for Services through Collibra business partners, we receive your Information as necessary to provide you with those Services (e.g., through a Collibra product reseller, or when you register to attend a Collibra event through a Collibra partner, the partner will provide us with your contact Information in order to communicate practical details about the event).
How we use your Personal Information.
The main purpose for which we use your Information is to provide you with our Services and to improve your customer experience.
We use your information for the following purposes:
Services.
We use Personal Information to provide, maintain and improve our Services and to provide and deliver our Services to you, including processing transactions.
Communicating with you.
We use your contact details to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to send you confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates and security alerts, to provide customer services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions).
Marketing.
We will send you updates about our Services, offers, promotions and events offered by Collibra, and provide you information about topics or content that we think will be of interest to you with your prior consent.
Analytics, benchmarking and product development.
We and our service providers use Personal Information, such as your interactions with our Services (including Personal Information collected via automated means), to perform benchmarking, to monitor and analyze usage of our Services, and to improve and enhance them.
Legal.
We may use your Personal Information to enforce this Policy and our Terms of Service, to defend our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies.
Legal basis for processing.
For users located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland (Europe), the following legal grounds apply:
Consent.
In certain cases, you will have consented to us using your Personal Information, for example to send marketing communications, to collect information via cookies and similar technologies etc.
Contract.
In other situations, we need your Personal Information to provide you with our Services, including for account registration and to respond to your inquiries.
Legal obligation.
In certain situations, we have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, for example certain laws or regulations in certain territories may require such disclosure for compliance.
Legitimate interest.
In other situations, we or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for product development and improvement and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third partys legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
How we use cookies and similar technologies.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed onto a browser or device to record information related to the use of a device or a website. A web beacon is a small object or image that is embedded into a web page, application, or email and is used to track activity. We and third parties automatically collect the following Personal Information via cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies (collectively cookies) in your browser and in emails sent to you:
Information about your use of the Platforms.
Including when and how many times you access our Platforms, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to our Platforms.
Device Information.
Including the hardware model, operating system and version of the device that you use to access the Platforms, unique device identifiers and IP address.
Below is an overview of the types of cookies we use:
Essential cookies.
These cookies are necessary in order for the Platforms to operate. For example, to enable the single sign-on feature and to allow you to download from our Platforms. Without these cookies, we may not be able to provide you with certain website functionalities.,/p>
Functional cookies.
These cookies count visits to our Platforms, help us understand the usage of our Services and effectiveness of our campaigns, and determine whether an email has been opened.
Analytical cookies.
We also use cookies for analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve our Services. We may use our own analytics cookies or use third party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to collect and process certain analytics data on our behalf. You can learn about Googles practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can opt out from Googles cookies by downloading the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on .
Many web browsers allow you to manage your preferences relating to cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete certain cookies.
How we share your Personal Information.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
Service providers.
We work with third party service providers to operate our Services, IT-hosting and maintenance, marketing, accounting and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information as part of providing those services for us.
Legal.
We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or otherwise in cooperation with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) guard against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of our Services and any facilities or equipment used to make our Services available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights, including to enforce our agreements, or the rights, property, or safety of others.
Merger or other corporate transactions.
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
Aggregated and de-identified Information.
We aggregate and de-identify your Personal Information so that the information no longer relates to you individually. We may use and disclose aggregated and de-identified data to third parties for a lawful purpose (such as to conduct research collaborations on data usage patterns with universities or to share Platform usage patterns or statistics with customers or business partners).
How long we retain your Personal Information.
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period.
When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
How we transfer your Personal Information.
We transfer your Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located, including to the United States or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. This includes transfers to:
countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued (which means any country recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection);
third parties covered by contractual protections (the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission); and
third parties based on our or their certification to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Commitment.
Collibra complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission (the Principles) regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information (as defined under the Privacy Shield Principles) transferred from the European Union and Switzerland, including the United Kingdom to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.
Collibra has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such Information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
Recourse, enforcement and liability.
If you have any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Principles, we encourage you to contact us as listed in the Contact us section below. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at:
legal@collibra.com .
We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
JAMS Privacy Shield complaints
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. Collibra is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Accountability for onward transfers of Personal Information.
If Collibra shares EU Personal Information with a third-party service provider that processes the Personal Information solely on Collibras behalf, then Collibra may be held liable for that third partys processing of EU Personal Information in violation of the Principles, unless Collibra can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
How we secure your Information.
We take appropriate security measures on both a technical and an organisational level, designed to keep your Personal Information secure. Our technical, administrative and physical procedures are designed to protect Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse and accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, use and destruction.
At the same time, you also share responsibility for maintaining the privacy and security of your Personal Information, for example: by not allowing any third party to use your personal account on the Services and avoiding all other non-authorised access to your login and access code.
We encourage you to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your personal account by sending an e-mail to
privacy@collibra.com .
Your rights.
Marketing opt out.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by following the instructions contained within such communications, but you may still receive administrative messages from us regarding our Services.
European Privacy Rights.
If you are located in Europe, you have the right to ask for an overview of the Personal Information we process about you, and for a copy of your Personal Information. In addition, you may request us to update and correct inaccuracies, delete your Personal Information, restrict processing of your Personal Information or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In some cases, you may object to the processing of your Personal Information and where we have asked you for your consent to process your Personal Information, you can withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. The above rights may be limited under applicable law. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your residence, place of work or where the incident took place.
California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Third-Party Sites.
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on third-party websites or services is provided directly to the operators of such websites or services and is subject to those operators policies governing privacy and security, even if accessed via our Services. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third parties to which are linked through our Services. We encourage you to consult the third parties privacy and security policies to learn more about how they collect and use your Personal Information.
Changes to this Policy.
We may update this Policy to reflect changes in our privacy practices. If we update this Policy, we will make it available through the Services, and indicate the date of the latest revision at the top of this Policy. If we materially change how we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by email, or other communication, as appropriate.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us by email at
privacy@collibra.com
or by post to:
Collibra NV
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
Oorlogskruisenlaan 116,
1120 Brussels  BELGIUM
About
Careers
Contact us
Policy center
© 2020 Collibra. All Rights Reserved.
COVID-19 Statement
Modern slavery statement
Privacy policy
California resident privacy notice
Sitemap
A message to our Collibra community on COVID-19.
Read more from our CEO.
Okay