Darktrace   Legal
Technology Products Industries News Blog Events Resources Company Free Trial
Technology Enterprise Immune System Industrial Immune System Antigena Network Antigena Email Industries In the News Press Releases News Videos Blog Upcoming Events Darktrace Webinars Darktrace Daily Webcasts Resources Company Overview Darktrace Community Darktrace Education Executive Team Awards Analyst Recognition Careers Partners Contact Legal Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português   Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Anti-Slavery Policy Darktrace Privacy & Data Protection Policy Darktrace Limited (Darktrace) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Darktrace collects, uses and keeps information in compliance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and all relevant regulations. This Privacy Policy (the Policy) is issued on behalf of the Darktrace Group (meaning Darktrace Limited, its affiliates and subsidiaries) so when we mention Darktrace, we, us or our in this Policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the Darktrace Group responsible for processing your personal data. This Policy aims to give you information on how Darktrace collects and processes your personal data. Please read the following Policy to understand how we collect and use your personal data, for example when you contact us, visit our website (Site), apply for a job, or use our products and services. Information Darktrace may collect from you Darktrace may collect and process the following data about you: Contact and Identity Data
such as your name, email, address and phone number. Phone numbers are used for two factor authentication and support services. Technical Data
including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, login data, operating system and web browser type, browser plug-in types and version, traffic data, location data and other communication data, and the resources that you access. Usage Data
including how you use our website, products and services. Profile Data
including usernames, passwords, and feedback data. Marketing and Communications Data
including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences. How Darktrace may collect your personal data Darktrace may collect your personal data when you: Contact us and/or provide feedback. Enter and use our website: As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details. Provide contact details (e.g. giving business cards) at a marketing event. Request and receive marketing communications. Submit a job application: If you are making a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with a copy of your CV or other relevant information. We may use this information for the purpose of considering your application or inquiry. Except when you explicitly request otherwise, we may keep this information on file for future reference. Purchase our products and services: If you purchase or use our products or services, we may use your personal data for purposes which include but are not limited to: verifying your credentials, carrying out end user compliance checks for export control purposes, processing orders and generating billing information. Additionally, Darktrace may collect data about you: Through our business relationships and contacts. How Darktrace may use your personal data Darktrace may use the personal data held about you in the following circumstances: To perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, including notification of changes to our products and services. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, or which Darktrace feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our products or service, when you choose to do so. We have set out below, in a table format, a description of the primary ways we may use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Purpose/Activity Lawful basis To register you as a customer or account holder Performance of a contract with you To manage our relationship with you (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services) To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data) (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy) To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business) Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Darktrace does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. Use under the CCPA We do not sell any data captured as part of your use of Darktraces products or services. Our public website uses Google Analytics, which may be considered exchanging data for valuable consideration under CCPA. You can find out more about the data Google Analytics collects in their  privacy policy . If you wish to opt out of Google Analytics, you can use the  opt-out browser add-on from Google . Marketing Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. If you are an existing customer, Darktrace will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale to you. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by contacting us via email at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase. We will not sell or rent your data to third parties or share your data with third parties for marketing purposes. We may use third party software to send you information for marketing purposes, but such third parties will not have access to or be able to read your personal information. If you receive an email which claims to come from us but does not use our domain, or if you are suspicious that an email may not be approved by us, then please send a copy of the email to
[email protected]
so we can investigate. Cookies You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
cookie policy . Where your personal data is stored Your personal data is securely stored by Darktrace on the Darktrace servers located in Cambridge, United Kingdom. Darktrace has set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal data. Transferring personal data As a global company, we have international sites and users all over the world. When you give us personal data, that data may be used, processed or stored anywhere in the world, including countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA, who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Darktrace places substantial importance on protecting the confidentiality of personal information and seeks the cooperation of all its suppliers in furthering this goal. Darktrace will only transfer personal information to a supplier where the supplier has provided assurances that they will provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by this Policy. Where Darktrace has knowledge that a supplier is using or sharing personal information in a way that is contrary to this policy, Darktrace will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such processing. Security Darktrace endeavours to hold all personal data securely in accordance with our internal security procedures and applicable law. We update and test our security on an ongoing basis. Darktrace will do its best to protect your personal data, but Darktrace cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site through the internet; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once Darktrace have received your information, Darktrace will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data accessed or processed by Darktrace against unauthorized or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction, damage or disclosure. Disclosure of your information We may share or disclosure your personal data with the parties set out below: Within the Darktrace Group for the fulfilment of the activities described in the table above. To third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy. To third parties, if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Darktrace, or others. Data retention We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data can be requested via our Data Privacy Officer at the contact details provided below. Your legal rights GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. You have the right to request by contacting  [email protected] . information about how your personal data is processed; a copy of your personal data; an immediate correction to your personal data. You can also: raise an objection about how your personal data is processed; request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it; ask that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances; opt out of the use of your personal data for any purposes or a specific purpose, such as the Darktrace Customer Portal. If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights under the CCPA: Right to request disclosure about personal data from a business. Right to access personal information held by a business. Right to request the deletion of personal data. Right to avoid discrimination for exercising their rights. Right to opt-out of website requirements. You can make these requests by emailing
[email protected] . Changes to our Privacy & Data Protection Policy Darktrace reserves the right to amend this Privacy and Data Protection Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy and Data Protection Policy at this Site. You should check our Site to see the current Privacy and Data Protection Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. This policy was last amended on 20 February 2020. Data Privacy Officer Darktrace is headquartered in Cambridge, United Kingdom. Darktrace has appointed an internal Data Protection Officer for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns about Darktraces Privacy and Data Protection Policy. The contact information for the Darktrace Data Protection Officer is as follows: Jon Coy Darktrace Limited Maurice Wilkes Building St Johns Innovation Park Cowley Road Cambridge United Kingdom CB4 0DS [email protected] Darktrace Cookie Policy Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our Site. What are cookies? A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computers hard drive. Types of cookies Session cookies : these cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, i.e. until you leave the website. Persistent cookies : these cookies remain in your browser for a set period of time after the browser session (unless deleted by you). Categories of cookies Strictly necessary cookies . These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website, enabling core functionality such as security, network management and accessibility. Analytical or performance cookies . These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve our website, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies . These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Targeting cookies . These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. Cookies we use You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below: Cookie source & ID Type Purpose & duration Darktrace CookieControl Functional This cookie is used to remember a users choice about cookies on Darktrace.com. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that users preference will be stored in this cookie. Darktrace PHPSESSID Functional Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. It is a random generated number to be used for maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages. This expires when the browsing session ends. Google Analytics _ga _gat _gcl_au _gid Analytical or Performance These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Expiration: _ga: 2 years _gat: session _gcl_au: 3 months _gid: 24 hours Read
Googles overview of privacy and safeguarding data. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Cloudflare _cfduid Strictly Necessary This cookie helps Cloudflare detect malicious visitors to the website and minimises blocking legitimate users. It collects and anonymises End User IP addresses using a one-way hash of certain values so they cannot be personally identified. The _cfduid cookie does not: allow for cross-site tracking, follow users from site to site by merging various _cfduid identifiers into a profile, or correspond to any user ID in a visitors web application. Expires after 30 days. Third party cookies Please note that Darktrace uses third party cookies, which are set by a third party domain. These named third party cookies typically occur when the website incorporates elements from other sites, such as images, social media plugins or advertising. Cookie source & ID Type Purpose & duration DoubleClick IDE Targeting Third party cookie set by DoubleClick to ensure that browsers are not served the same advert multiple times. They do not capture any personal information. Expires after two years. Read
Googles overview of privacy and safeguarding data. If a user opts out of ads personalisation using Googles Ad Settings, they will no longer receive personalized advertising from Google. To opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?hl=en&ref_topic=7048998 . Vimeo player vuid Analytical We embed videos from our official Vimeo channel. When you press play, Vimeo will drop third party cookies to enable the video to play and to collect analytics data such as how long a viewer has watched the video. These cookies do not track individuals. Expires after two years. You can opt out of non-essential cookies from Vimeo at
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
and we recommend you read the cookie policy for more information. YouTube Visitor_Info_1_live APISID CONSENT HSID LOGIN_INFO PREF SAPISID SID SSID VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YSC GPS remote_sid Performance Third party cookies to enable embedded YouTube videos on the website We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTubes privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit  YouTubes embedding videos information page . The cookies expiration dates vary: some expire after the session ends, others after twenty years. More information about YouTubes use of cookies, and how to opt out, can be found at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies . LinkedIn _bizo Targeting The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. Expires after 6 months. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your  LinkedIn settings page  and we recommend you read their  Cookie Policy  for more information. We encourage you to consult the privacy policies of these third party vendors on their websites for information regarding their use of cookies. Controlling cookies You may see a cookie banner on our websites and dashboards, which is provided in order for us to obtain consent to the use of cookies. If you consent to the use of cookies by clicking Accept Cookies or determine to continue browsing without clicking either Accept Cookies or No Thanks, the first party non-essential cookies detailed herein will be set. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit
www.aboutcookies.org
and
www.youronlinechoices.com . Changes to our Cookie Policy Darktrace reserves the right to amend this Cookie Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Cookie Policy here. You should check our website to see the current Cookie Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. This policy was last amended on 20 February 2020. Darktrace Anti-Slavery Policy Statement 1 Statement 1.1 This statement is made pursuant to s.54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and sets out the steps that Darktrace Limited has taken and will continue to take to ensure that modern slavery or human trafficking is prevented. 1.2 Darktrace Limited applies a zero-tolerance approach to any form of modern slavery. We are committed to acting with transparency in all business dealings, preventing modern slavery taking place within our business or supply chains. 2 Our Business & Risks Darktrace Limited is a Private Limited Company, under the laws of England and Wales. We are a global cyber security company, with offices spanning over five continents. In light of where we do business, where our suppliers are based, and the industry in which we operate, there is a very low risk that modern slavery and human trafficking would affect our business. 3 Our Policies A number of internal policies and procedures are adopted throughout the business, showing we are committed to acting with integrity and transparency. Anti-Slavery Policy.
This policy sets out our stance on modern slavery and ensures all relevant staff are alert to the risk of slavery and human trafficking occurring in our business or supply chains. Whistleblowing Policy.
We enforce a whistleblowing policy to provide protection to all employees who wish to fairly raise concerns either about how colleagues are being treated, or practices within our business or supply chains. Code of Business Conduct.
This code permeates throughout our business and supply chains, and helps maintain a low risk of slavery and human trafficking. It is also written into our contracts with suppliers/partners where appropriate. Employee Handbook.
We make it clear to all employees the actions and behaviour expected of them when representing the organisation. We strive to maintain the highest standards of employee conduct and ethical behaviour when operating our business. Recruitment Policy.
Our HR team operates a robust recruitment policy, ensuring that we comply with all applicable laws in the territories we are based. In order to safeguard against modern slavery, only reputable employment agencies are sourced to recruit our employees. 4 Our Suppliers 4.1 Our process for contracting with suppliers includes checks to remain vigilant to any risk of modern slavery and human trafficking. These may include (but are not limited to): Due Diligence.
It is a requirement that staff engaged in the process of selecting suppliers conduct reasonable checks to ensure that suppliers/partners are held to account over modern slavery. We may also require the suppliers/partners to provide a copy of relevant policies and their employee handbook. Where necessary, verification of the working conditions of staff and contractors may be required. Contractual Commitments.
There are appropriate protections in our agreements with suppliers. Where necessary, there is a written requirement for suppliers to implement effective systems and controls to prevent slavery from affecting any part of the business/supply chain. We can also require them to provide us with a summary of the steps they take to prevent modern slavery, including details of any relevant staff and supplier policies conducted on their suppliers. Termination.
We may also terminate a contract at any time should any instances of modern slavery come to light. 5 Training Our staff are advised and regularly trained to take particular care with organisations that provide services from higher risk territories. Staff are also advised to notify the Darktrace Legal and HR teams immediately if they have any concerns that modern slavery is taking place within the business or supply chain, so that appropriate action can be taken. 6 Compliance with s.54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 No reports from employees, the public, or law enforcement agencies have been identified to indicate that modern slavery practices are taking place within our business/supply chains. We are continually committed to keeping this policy current and relevant - it will be monitored and reviewed annually. 7 Approval This statement was approved by a designated Director on 8 th
March 2018. Signed Andrew Kanter Director 8 March 2018 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Anti-Slavery Policy
Technology Cyber AI Platform Autonomous Response Cyber AI Analyst Cloud & SaaS Security Email Security Threat Visualization Integrations Products Enterprise Immune System Industrial Immune System Antigena Network Antigena Email Industries Industry Verticals Case Studies News In the News Press Releases News Videos Blog Upcoming Events Darktrace Webinars Darktrace Daily Webcasts Company Company Overview Darktrace Community Darktrace Education Executive Team Subject Matter Experts Board of Directors Advisory Board Investors Awards Analyst Recognition Careers Resources Partners Contact Legal Download Resources
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
+44 (0) 20 7930 1350
[email protected] ©
2020 , Darktrace