Privacy Policy - Archive Dec, 2019   Dialpad
X
Contact Us
I'm a customer and need help
I'm interested and have questions
Products
Business Phone System
Dialpad Talk
Contact Center
Dialpad Support
Video Conferencing
UberConference
Sales Dialer
Dialpad Sell
Why Dialpad
Voice Intelligence
Productivity and insights powered by AI.
Features
Get the most out of Dialpad.
App Marketplace
We integrate with your favorite tools.
Customers
Companies love us. Heres why.
Resources
Webinars, demo videos, and more.
Trust
How we keep you safe and secure.
Solutions
BY BUSINESS TYPE
Enterprise
Small Business
Startup
BY INDUSTRY
Tech & Services
Retail
Real Estate
Education
Legal
Financial Services
Pricing
US: 415-469-1690
UK: +44 203-048-4377
AU: +61 260-581-007
NZ: +64 9-886-8400
Contact
Login
Try Free
Try Free
Effective date: December 31, 2019
View prior version
View current version
Privacy Policy
Dialpad provides tools to help individuals and organizations communicate more effectively, including Dialpad
Talk, Dialpad Support, Dialpad Sell, UberConference, and associated websites and mobile apps. Dialpad uses a
single Privacy Policy that addresses our treatment of personally identifiable information (Personal
Information) when you use any of these Services, including through your mobile device, Dialpads desktop
applications, browser and/or extensions, or your desk phone.
This guide answers questions like:
What Personal Information does Dialpad collect?
How does Dialpad use Personal Information?
What Personal Information does Dialpad share with third parties and why?
How is Personal Information about me secured?
How can I access, manage, and delete my data?
How does Dialpad comply with specific state and country laws?
What happens when Dialpad makes changes to this Privacy Policy?
Where can I ask questions about this policy?
Remember that your use of Dialpads Services is also subject to the
Terms of Service , which incorporate this Privacy
Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of
Service.
What Personal Information does Dialpad collect?
Information You Provide to Us
When you create a Dialpad account, you provide us with Personal Information such as your name, email address,
phone number, password, and payment information.
If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or sign in to the Services through a third party site
or service, such as Office365 or Google, some information from those accounts (Third Party Account
Information) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions. That Third Party
Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. Certain information may be
required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register
with us or to take advantage of some of our features within the Services.
Information We Collect As You Use Our Services
When you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information that we then use to provide
the Services.
Device and Session Information:
We collect information about your browser or device, which may
include your IP address, device IDs, or other unique identifiers, cookie information, the type of browser and/or
device youre using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. We use this data to customize
your experience with our Services, based on your usage patterns. We also use it to improve the Services  for
example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that
knowledge to make decisions about future development focus. You may be able to change the preferences on your
browser or device to prevent or limit your devices acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking
advantage of some of our features.
Telephony Information:
We maintain customer call records such as time, duration, the number of the called party.
Like all telephony services, we also maintain and temporary copies of call audio for
up to 48 hours for quality assurance.
Call Audio:
Some of Dialpads Services and its Voice Intelligence features include saving audio
and transcription from calls, both to enable these features and to train and improve the models that these
features are based on, such as speech recognition and understanding. Dialpad may use pseudonymized segments of
such transcriptions and recordings to improve or validate its features, or securely share it with contractors to
do so on Dialpads behalf. Any training data saved by Dialpad is used only for improving Dialpads language
models, and is processed primarily by automated systems. A small fraction of training data may be manually
reviewed. You may opt out of manual review at any time by contacting
support@dialpad.com .
You can control what data is stored by choosing which Dialpad features you use from the settings menu in the
relevant Service.
How does Dialpad use Personal Information?
Dialpad uses Personal Information to deliver the Services, and also to improve the Services and to communicate
with you about the Services, including marketing communications.
The main ways that we use the Personal Information that you provide to us or that we collect when you use the
Service are to:
deliver the Services, including placing and receiving voice and video calls, and providing recordings,
transcriptions, and analytics of calls; determining your geographic location for efficient call routing, and
organizing your contacts,
manage your account and billing, to enable secure login and single sign on, and allow third party
integrations;
prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud and
violations of our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy; and
improve Dialpads products and train the audio and language models that the Services are based on.
We may communicate with you if youve provided us the means to do so. For example, if youve given us your email
address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of
the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us
make our communications with you more applicable and improve our services. If you do not want to receive
communications from us, you can always opt out by unsubscribing through the link at the bottom of our emails.
We do not use Personal Information to make automated decisions.
What Personal Information does Dialpad share with third parties and why?
We do not license or sell your Personal Information to third parties, including advertisers, without your
consent. As described below, when we share any information about you with third parties, we pseudonymize and
aggregate any information about you before we share it unless more detail is necessary to the function of the
Services. Although Dialpads Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies we dont own or control
or people that we dont manage, our Data Processing Agreements with European customers and/or users in the
European Union define how these third parties can use and store your information, consistent with this Policy.
Information thats no longer personally identifiable
We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you are not individually identifiable, and provide that
information to certain of our partners to help us improve our Service, such as sending anonymized samples of
audio or text to a third party to improve speech-to-text transcription and reading comprehension. We may also
provide aggregate usage information to our partners to understand how often and in what ways people use our
Services. However, we never disclose aggregate usage information to a partner in a manner that would identify
you personally, as an individual.
Cookies Policy, Third Party Analytics, and Tracking
Dialpad and third party service providers of tracking technologies gather non-personal information about how users enter,
navigate, and leave the website and Services, the frequency and length of visits to the Services or third party websites,
application or device usage data, and your product or service preference indicated by the number of times and the
length of time you view a product. Dialpad gathers this data using cookies (both first party cookies, such as the
Google Analytics cookie, and third-party cookies, such as the DoubleClick cookie), web beacons, tags, and other similar
techniques that deliver small files to your computer and which allow these networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing,
research and reporting for us and for advertisers.
Dialpad uses certain third-party services that help us understand traffic on our website in various ways:
Google Analytics and Google Adwords help Dialpad understand who is visiting Dialpads websites and to show
relevant ads on other websites to people who have visited Dialpads websites. You can control what ads you see
through the
Google Ad Settings Manager . More information on how Google uses information collected when you use
Googles partner sites is available at
Googles Partner Technologies
page.
Marketo
is a marketing automation
tool that handles various marketing tasks, such as contacting visitors who provide their contact information and
requested additional information. You can read more about Marketo's Privacy Policy and opt-out options here via
Marketos Privacy Notice .
Wistia
powers the videos on our site.
Wistia tracks how you interact with these videos: how much of a video you watch, at what points in a video you
pause or rewind, etc. In some videos, we pause the video and request that you provide your email address or name.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but we reserve the right to limit certain videos to identified users.
Wistia aggregates the data collected through the videos here, including names and email addresses, and provides it to us.
Wistia does not sell or provide the data it collects to third parties.
You may be able to opt out of tracking conducted by third parties through our Services by adjusting the Do Not Track
settings on your browser; but we dont control whether or how these third parties comply with Do Not Track requests. Our
Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online
activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.
Affiliated Businesses and Service Integrations
Some businesses or third party websites were affiliated with provide products or services to you through or in
connection with the Services, or allow you to to access Dialpads services through those third party products.
For a list of Dialpads affiliates and integrations, go to
https://dialpad.com/integrations .
We will share your Personal Information with affiliated businesses only if you or your Dialpad Services
administrator set up an integration, and we will only share your information to the extent that it is related to
the transaction or service, such as the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account
Information to your Services profile or to automatically transmit information in your Services profile to your
third party account. If you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website
or business, please review their policies.
Agents, Subprocessors, and Contractors
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them
to provide the Services to you. For example, we use a payment processing service to receive and process your
credit card transactions for us. Our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with
them beyond what is necessary to assist us and may not use such information for marketing purposes. We may
authorize access to your data for those employees, contractors, partners, and agents who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop and improve products and services. With regard to data of customers in
the European Union, we remain liable in cases of onward transfer to agents and third parties pursuant to the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (described in more detail below in the section on data protection for customers in
Europe). Dialpads list of sub-processors can be viewed within our
Help Center .
User Profiles and Contacts
Certain user profile information, including your profile photo and status, may be displayed to other users within
the Services. You are responsible for entering and updating that content. Additionally, if you sign into the
Services through a third party service, your list of contacts from that site or service may be automatically
imported to the Services.
Business Transfers
If we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other
change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Dialpad and Others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any Personal Information that we believe is
necessary to comply with the law; to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, a court order or
subpoena; to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Dialpad, our employees, our users, or others, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements.
How is Personal Information about me secured?
Your account is protected by a password, and your Personal Information is encrypted in transit and in storage
using industry standard encryption. If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may have
additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized
access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on
mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have
finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but
unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.
How can I access, manage, and delete my data?
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit, or delete the following information
youve provided to us:
name and password
email address
phone number(s)
location
time zone
place of employment
devices
recorded/transcribed messages and calls
call history including incoming/outgoing number and duration
user profile information, including images you have uploaded
billing information
contacts
other third-party account information you have linked to the site
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. You also have the right to
access, correct, amend, or delete information that we hold via a
Data Subject
Access Request . When you update information, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our
records.
You may request deletion of your Dialpad Talk, Dialpad Support and/or Dialpad Sell account by contacting
support@dialpad.com . You may delete your UberConference account by
selecting the Delete My Account link at the bottom of the account page (www.uberconference.com/account). After
deletion of your account, some information may remain in our records for a period of time that is consistent
with the purpose it was collected for. We may use any anonymized and aggregated data derived from your Personal
Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Following the cancellation of your Services, we will delete and/or anonymize information related to your account
so that no personal information is retained by Dialpad or its contractors, unless otherwise required by law.
How does Dialpad comply with specific state and country laws?
Europe and GDPR
As part of Dialpads compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation, Dialpad participates in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Privacy Shield governs the collection,
use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Dialpad has
certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. The programs official
website provides
Dialpads
Privacy Shield certification page
as well as
Privacy Shield FAQs . If there is
any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield
Principles govern. Dialpads participation in Privacy Shield is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade
Commission.
Dialpad commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by such
authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment
relationship. For more information on how to sign Data Processing Agreements for your organization please visit
our
DPA
Help Center article .
EU individuals have the right to access their personal data. If you have questions Dialpads Privacy Policy, you
may contact
legal@dialpad.com
or submit a
Data Subject
Access Request Form .
Dialpad has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to PrivacyTrust, an alternative
dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
PrivacyTrusts Dispute Resolution Form
for more
information or to file a complaint. The services of PrivacyTrust are provided at no cost to you. Finally, as a
last resort and in limited situations, European Union individuals may seek redress from the
Privacy Shield Panel , a binding
arbitration mechanism.
California and CCPA
Dialpad complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Details on the rights and disclosures relevant to California residents are available in the
CCPA Addendum
to Dialpads privacy policy.
COPPA Compliance Statement
Dialpad does not provide services designed for use by children under the age of 13, nor does it knowingly collect
or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected such
information we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 has
provided us personal information, please contact us at
support@dialpad.com .
What happens when Dialpad makes changes to this Privacy Policy?
Were constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time
as well. However, we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Dialpad website, by sending you an
email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if youve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us
(or you havent provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the
Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. Use of information we collect now is
subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
Where can I ask questions about this policy?
You can always reach Dialpad with questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy by sending an email to
legal@dialpad.com .
Why Dialpad
Voice Intelligence
Customers
Enterprise
Trust
App Marketplace
Products
Business Phone System
Contact Center
Sales Dialer
Video Conferencing
Phones & Devices
Features
Pricing
About
Company
Careers
Partners
Press
Legal
Contact Us
Resources
Webinars
Work From Anywhere
Blog
Resource Library
Help Center
Status Dashboard
FAQ
Do Not Sell My Info
Dialpad Apps
Android
iOS (iPhone)
iOS (iPad)
Chrome Extension
Mac and Windows
© 2015 - 2020 DIALPAD is a trademark of Dialpad, Inc.
Select Language
English US

English UK
English AU