Privacy   Riskified
Solution
Customers
Pricing
Resources
Reports
Guides
Infographics
FAQs
Case Studies
Webinars
Risk Academy
Blog
Careers
Documentation
Log In
Request Demo
Solution Overview
Benefits
Products
Chargeback Guarantee
Account Protection
Alternative Payment
Pre-Auth Decisions
Customers
Pricing
Resources
Reports
Guides
Infographics
FAQs
Case Studies
Webinars
Blog
Careers
Resource Center
Navigate our resource library to gain insights on CNP fraud
Cost of Fraud Calculator
Take 2 minutes to estimate your fraud losses
Reports
Guides
Infographics
Case Studies
FAQs
Webinars
Solution overview
Learn how our suite of products drive revenue and accelerate growth
Benefits
See how merchants future-proof eCommerce operations with Riskified
OUR PRODUCTS
Chargeback guarantee
Account protection
Alternative payment
Pre-auth decisions
Privacy Policies
Platform Policy
Website Policy
Services Privacy Policy
Riskified provides online merchants (each, a Merchant) with services that help merchants optimize their e-commerce experience, including by preventing fraudulent online transactions, preventing account takeover, offering consumers an alternative payment method and increasing payment authorization (the Services). Merchants integrate our Services on their websites and mobile apps where consumers like you place orders (collectively, the Merchant Website). After you place an order, the Merchant Website may request that we process your personal data to provide our services.
This Privacy Policy (Policy) explains the privacy practices of Riskified Ltd., on behalf of ourselves and for the benefit of our affiliates (Riskified, we, our, or us) for our Services. It describes how we collect, use and share personal data, and the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
You are not obligated by law to provide us with your personal data, but the Merchant Website may require that you provide us with your personal data to enable the processing of orders you place. Please note that this Policy does not cover the practices or policies of Merchants, the Merchant Website, or other parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
During the past 12 months we have collected the categories of information listed below, and anticipate that we will continue to collect such information. This information is collected directly from you, from Merchants, from our service providers, from publicly available sources and through the Merchant Website and is used by us to provide Services for our merchants, to improve those services and as otherwise described in Use of Collected Information below.
Transaction data.
When you place an order with a Merchant Website, we collect various data regarding your transaction, which may include  personal data, such as your name, email, address, the items you purchased, price paid, shipping information, and (if you have one) basic information from your account on the Merchant Website. We also collect basic information about your payment and billing method. We do not collect or keep your complete credit card number.
Device data.
We collect information about the personal computer or mobile device you use to access the Merchant Website. This includes the device model, operating system, unique identifiers, browser type, mobile network information, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Merchant Website.
Geo-location data.
If you use the mobile app of a Merchant Website, we collect your geo-location when you are actively using the app. If you use the Merchant website, we collect your city-approximate geo-location.
Analytical data.
We collect analytical data about your use of the Merchant Website. For example, we collect the frequency of your access to the Merchant Website, the time you spend accessing the Merchant Website, when you scroll, as well as any events sent to a behavioral tracking service, the pages that referred you to the Merchant Website, as well as the pages and items on the Merchant Website that you viewed or interacted with.
Cross-references.
We also cross-reference, verify, and enhance the accuracy of the data outlined above using third-party online sources such as search engines, social networks, white pages, and mapping services. If you have provided the Merchant with access to information of third-party platforms, (including social networks), we may also receive the same access permissions to the information that you made public.
Inquiries.
If you contact us for questions or complaints, we will collect the information related to your inquiry and to verify your identity. This may include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and other contact information, depending on the nature of your inquiry.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
When a Merchant asks us to review an order you place on a Merchant Website, we review the data of your activities across all the Merchant Websites of our Merchants as well as any other data collected. We use this data to provide the Merchant a fraud analysis indicating whether or not the order is, in our assessment, a fraudulent online transaction. It is then at the discretion of the Merchant (not Riskified) to accept or decline your order.
We also use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Improving and enhancing Services and developing new services;
Statistical analysis of consumers activities;
Handling your requests and complaints;
Enforcing this Policy and preventing misuse of the Services;
Taking any action in any case of disputes involving you, in relation to the Services; and,
Any other action that may be mandated by law or undertaken to protect our legal rights and property and/or those of third parties.
SHARING INFORMATION COLLECTED
We may share the information outlined in this Policy with others, in the following instances:
With our third-party service providers
We use service providers to assist us in providing the Services. We only share with them the limited elements of the personal data we collect which are strictly necessary for them to provide us with their service. These service providers include data sources, such as white pages, data providers, and mapping services and other similar services. We do this in order to cross-reference, verify, and enhance the accuracy of the data that we collect. Some of these service providers may use the data we share with them for their own permitted purposes, in accordance with their own terms and policies subject to applicable law, such as
Googles Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service .
With Merchants
We may share limited elements of your personal data with Merchants with whom you made your transactions. This information sharing will be for the purpose of reviews, audits or dispute handling or responding to your request for access to your personal data.
With Our Partners
Riskified partners with certain entities, such as banks, card networks, and/or payment gateways, and may provide them with some or all of your personal data in order to optimize order approval.
When required for Legal Purposes
We may share your personal data with third parties if we believe it is required by law or for the purpose of exercising legitimate legal rights. For instance, it could be necessary to share your data in order to comply with legal proceedings, to protect or exercise the legal rights of Riskified or our Merchants, or to respond to lawful requests.
With Corporate Group Entities or in a Business Transfer
We may share your personal data with our corporate group entities but their use of such information must comply with the Policy. Your data may also be shared if the operation of the Services is organized within a different framework or through another legal structure or entity, such as due to a merger or acquisition.
Non-Personal Data
We may use the information we collect to compile aggregated, anonymized, or de-identified information. We may share de-identified or aggregated information with any number of parties.
With you
Unless otherwise prohibited by our contracts or law, we may share some or all of the data we possess about you with you upon your verifiable request or with other parties at your direction. We may contract with one or more vendors in order to verify your identity. In order to submit a request, please email support@riskified.com.
Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory
We may store and process information in the US, the EU, Israel, and in other countries. We may also process information using cloud services.
We frequently process information under arrangements aimed at providing an adequate level of data protection. This may include processing in countries that the EU has determined maintain adequate data protection, the use of model contract clauses, or other mechanisms. You may contact us as noted below to obtain a copy of the arrangements we use to transfer information outside of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland.
In certain cases, the laws in some of these countries may nevertheless provide a lesser degree of data protection than the laws of your own country. However, we will transfer your information to entities within other such countries for the purpose of processing as described in this Policy.
LOCATION SPECIFIC INFORMATION
Residents of the European Union
If you are a resident of the
European Economic Area , the UK or Switzerland, or any other territory with similar data protection laws, the following section is applicable to how we collect and manage your personal data.
As a data controller we rely on our legitimate interests to process your information, including the use of our service providers assisting us to deliver the Services. We may also receive your explicit consent through the Merchant Website. The Merchant Website relies on their own valid legal basis for processing your information, which may be in the form of consent, legitimate interest or execution of a contract.
The Merchant Website may, at its own discretion, use Riskifieds Services to make a decision on whether to accept or decline your order based solely on automated processing. It may do so if you have given your consent, if needed to enter into or perform a contract, or if authorized by law. Please direct inquiries concerning approval of your order based solely on automated means to the Merchant Website.
If the law grants you such rights, you may ask to access, correct, or delete your personal data that is stored in our systems. You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data. Subject to the limitations in law, you may request that we update, correct, or delete inaccurate or outdated information. You may also request that we suspend the use of any personal data that you contest the accuracy of, while we verify the status of that data. You may also be entitled to obtain personal data that you directly provided us and have the right to transmit it to another party. However, we will continue retaining, using and sharing certain information if it is associated with fraudulent activity or to comply with legal obligations.
Several of our data sources are companies operating in countries outside of your local territory or the European Economic Area, in legal environments that may not be adequate by EU data protection standards. You may opt out of having your personal data shared with those data sources. However, opting out may prevent us from providing Services and, as a result, may prevent you from using the Merchant Website. Irrespective of requests to opt out, if your personal data is associated with fraudulent activity we may continue to retain, use and share certain information, in order to prevent unlawful practices.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you can contact us at: support@riskified.com, our Data Protection Officer at privacy@riskified.com, or our EU representative, Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd, at riskified@lionheartsquared.eu; 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, D02 EK84 Ireland. When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request. In addition, you may also have the right to submit a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority  you can find the relevant contact details
here .
Residents of California
If you reside in California or other jurisdictions where such rights are provided by applicable law, you have specific rights regarding your personal data. This section describes the rights that you have and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed or Sold . Pursuant to the  California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA), you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your personal data over the past 12 months. However, Riskified is a service provider (as defined under the CCPA) to its Merchants (who are businesses under the CCPA) that use our Services.  You should direct your requests to the Merchants with whom you shop, and not to Riskified. As a service provider, when requested, we reasonably assist our Merchants in responding to consumer requests under the CCPA but do not respond to such requests directly. If we receive such requests for personal information when we are merely the service provider, we will advise you to directly contact such Merchants.
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal data from our records. However, we may retain personal data that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us in order to perform certain actions permitted by applicable law, specifically such as detecting data security incidents or protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity.  Therefore, we may retain your personal data despite such request.
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights.
To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a request to us by emailing support@riskified.com.
Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an authorized agent), may make the requests set forth above. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information (including, at minimum, your name, address, and e-mail address) that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the personal data or an authorized representative.
We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
In order to protect the security of your personal data, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will vary depending on the nature of the request. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by a third-party service provider.
Any disclosures we provide may only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. We are not obligated to provide the information set forth above under  Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed or Sold
more than twice in a 12-month period.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out.
We do not sell information, as sales are defined under applicable laws.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your legal rights.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We implement industry standard measures to reduce risks caused by the potential loss of information, unauthorized access, or use of information. However, no measure can provide absolute information security and we cannot provide protections beyond what is within our reasonable control.
DATA RETENTION
The personal data we collect is retained only for as long as necessary to provide the Services or any newly developed services under this Policy. We retain the personal data we receive from the Merchant for no more than 48 months, unless you request that we delete this information, or if it is required by us to establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims, or comply with legal obligations, for example, to dispute chargebacks or when the data is associated with fraud. When we dispense with data it is either deleted from our system or anonymized without further notice to you.
POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13, and children under the age of 16 in the EU or California. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal data without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@riskified.com. If we become aware that a child under such ages has provided us with personal data, we will delete such information from our files unless we have appropriate consent, where applicable, or unless we are required to maintain it for law-enforcement or legal purposes
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
If we materially change this Policy in a manner that adversely affects your rights, or the protections afforded to your personal data, such changes will only affect the personal data we collect after the Policy change, unless you agree to us treating the personal data previously collected in accordance with the new Policy.
CONTACT US
You may contact us with any questions or comments, at: support@riskified.com
Our postal address is: 30 Kalischer Street, Tel Aviv, Israel, postal code 6525724 or 220 Fifth Avenue, Floor 2, New York, NY 10001.
Effective date of the policy: April 20 , 2020
Website policy
Riskified respects the privacy of the users of our website at https://www.riskified.com (the Site) and is committed to protecting the information that is collected and/or is disclosed by the Site users (users or you). This Website Privacy Policy (Policy) explains the privacy practices of Riskified Ltd., on behalf of ourselves and for the benefit of our affiliates (Riskified, we, our, or us) for use of the Site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
During the past 12 months we have collected the categories of information listed below, and will continue to collect such information.  This information is collected from you, directly, through your browsing session on the Site and through third parties and is used by us to improve our services and as otherwise described below.
Riskified collects information from our users at several different points on our Site. Personal data such as a users name, address, contact information, and other personally-identifiable information may be collected from you and stored in our databases when you register to the Site, request support, enter into a sales promotion, or otherwise interact with us (for example through the contact us option). If you do not provide us with the required information, we may not be able to provide you with the information/services requested by you. Registered users may have a user name and password to access their information.
When you use the Site, we may automatically collect personal data through cookies or other online technologies. This may include internet traffic data such as a users IP address, domain server, type of computer, type of web browser, your browsing session on the Site (e.g., the pages accessed and links clicked), the referral source and website navigation paths of your visit and your interactions on the Site. This information is helpful for us to operate our site, for marketing purposes or for improving a users experience on the Site.
We may also collect information about you from our business partners and other service providers, including personal data (e.g., contact information such as emails and general information associated with your IP or device), to help to operate our site, for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site.
We may also collect statistical and other aggregated data related to your use of the Site or services thereon as well as information on Site usage patterns. This information is collected and used as non-individually identifiable information.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We use the information collected to analyze trends, administer the Site, improve our services, track users movements around the Site, and gather demographic information about our user base. We also use the collected information to respond to your requests and contact you. We compile and store the collected information to generate reports related to our users access to and use of our Site and services. We may use specific information collected to personalize and deliver content marketed directly to you and measure its effectiveness, subject to requirements of applicable law.
To the extent required under applicable data processing laws and regulations any personal data that we collect may be stored in our database and will be used in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations.
We do not share, distribute, sell, or rent any of your personal data with/to third parties, except to assist us with the above activities and in the following circumstances where we may use the information we collect:
The information is required by law in order to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities;
In response to legal process, court orders, subpoenas;
To establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
For the purpose of providing and operating the Site we may share information with trusted third-party partners for purpose of providing Site-related services to us. We will require that these third parties comply with this Privacy Policy or with privacy policies at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.
We may also request your permission to use your information in other ways.  Such use is subject to your consent.
Any data processing performed by these third parties will, if and when required by law, be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by law preserving your statutory data protection rights.
In case of a business transfer. In the conduct of our business, we may go through a business transaction such as a sale, merger, reorganization or bankruptcy proceeding. Information collected from users of the Site, including personal data, could be transferred as part of such transaction. By submitting your personal data through the Site, you agree that your information may be transferred to third parties under such circumstances.
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data sent from a website while the user is browsing and stored on a users hard drive to contain information about the user. We use cookies to enhance the user experience, improve our service, including by means such as storing passwords or preference information. We may also use cookies to track and monitor usage of the Site for the purposes of marketing and operational improvements.
Riskifieds Site uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are created and stored temporarily while the user browses and are deleted from the device when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are saved on the users device for a fixed period and becomes active when they visit the Site.
Users located in the EU will receive a pop-up notification informing them that cookies are operating on our Site. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We may work with third parties who collect information on our Site and elsewhere through the use of cookies and similar methods in order to serve you with relevant advertisements on other services or to determine that you have seen our advertisements on other services and for other retargeting purposes.  We do not respond to or honor do not track (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms automatically transmitted by web browsers for which we cannot evaluate your choice.
E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
You have the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications from Riskified at any time.  You can opt out by either changing your email preferences or using the link provided at the bottom of each email message. You may not opt out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes) while you are a registered user.
We do not send emails to anyone without permission and we do not sell or rent email addresses to any unauthorized third party. If you believe that you have received an unsolicited email from us, please contact us at support@riskified.com and we will investigate.
DATA RETENTION
We retain the personal data we receive through the Site for no more than 48 months, unless you request that we delete this information, or if it is required by us to establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims, or comply with legal obligations. When we dispense with data it is either deleted from our system or anonymized without further notice to you.
POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, or 16 in the EU. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal data without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@riskified.com. If we become aware that a child under such ages has provided us with personal data, we will delete such information from our files unless we have appropriate consent, where applicable, or unless we are required to maintain it for law-enforcement or legal purposes.
SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards and best practices to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other factors, the security of user information may be compromised at any time. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of personal data and disclaim any assurance that such information will remain free from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access.
CHANGES AND CONSENT TO PRIVACY POLICY
By registering with Riskified or by using the Site without prior registration you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change the provisions of the Privacy Policy from time to time and you are therefore advised to check it regularly. Your continued use of the Site after any change to the policy constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
LINKS
Our Site may have links to the sites of other companies. We are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
LOCATION SPECIFIC INFORMATION
Residents of the European Union
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, or any other territory with similar data protection laws, the following section is applicable to how we collect and manage your personal data.
As a data controller we rely on our legitimate interests to process your information, while at times we may rely on your consent, the need to comply with a legal obligation or perform a contract with you.
If the law grants you such rights, you may ask to access, correct, or delete your personal data that is stored in our systems. You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data. Subject to the limitations in law, you may request that we update, correct, or delete inaccurate or outdated information. You may also request that we suspend the use of any personal data that you contest the accuracy of, while we verify the status of that data. You may also be entitled to obtain personal data that you directly provided us and have the right to transmit it to another party. However, we will continue retaining, using and sharing certain information if it is associated with fraudulent activity or to comply with legal obligations.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at:
support@riskified.com . When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request.
Several of our service providers are companies operating in countries outside of your local territory or the European Economic Area, in legal environments that may not be adequate by EU data protection standards. You may opt out of having your personal data shared with those data sources, however, opting out may prevent you from using the Site. Irrespective of requests to opt out, if your personal data is associated with fraudulent activity we may continue to retain, use and share certain information, in order to prevent unlawful practices.
We may store and process information in the US, the EU, Israel, and in other countries. We may also process information using cloud services.
We frequently process information under arrangements aimed at providing an adequate level of data protection. This may include processing in countries that the EU has determined maintain adequate data protection, the use of model contract clauses, or other mechanisms. You may contact us as noted below to obtain a copy of the arrangements we use to transfer information outside of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland.
In certain cases, the laws in some of these countries may provide a lesser degree of data protection than the laws of your own country. However, we will transfer your information to entities within other such countries for the purpose of processing as described in this Policy.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you can contact us at:
support@riskified.com ,
our Data Protection Officer at  privacy@riskified.com , or our EU representative, Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd, at
riskified@lionheartsquared.eu ;
2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, D02 EK84 Ireland. When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request. In addition, you may also have the right to submit a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority  you can find the relevant contact details
here .
Residents of California
If you reside in California or other jurisdictions where such rights are provided by applicable law, you have specific rights regarding your
personal data . This section describes the rights that you have and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed or Sold . You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your
personal data
over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Access, and Deletion Rights ), and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information to you. You have the right to request any or all of the following:
The categories of
or specific pieces of personal data
we collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the
personal data
is collected.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that
personal data .
The categories of third parties with whom we share that
personal data .
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your
personal data
that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Access, and Deletion Rights ), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
personal data
from our records. However, we may retain
personal data
that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us in order to perform certain actions permitted by applicable laws, specifically such as detecting data security incidents or protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity.  Therefore, we may retain your
personal data
despite such request.
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights. To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a request to us by emailing support@riskified.com
Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an authorized agent), may make the requests set forth above. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information (including, at minimum, your name, address, and e-mail address) that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the
personal data
or an authorized representative.
We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
In order to protect the security of your
personal data , we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the
personal data
relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will vary depending on the nature of the request. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by a third-party service provide.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. We are not obligated to provide the information set forth above under  Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed or Sold
more than twice in a 12-month period.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out.
We do not sell information, as sales are defined under applicable laws.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your legal rights.
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Riskified Solution
Benefits
Customers
Pricing
Integrations Documentation
Support
Riskified API
See our infographics
Trends in Consumer Electronics
Cross-Border eCommerce
Request Demo
Company Careers
Blog
About
Partners
Resources Content
Terms
Privacy
Security
Subscribe to the newsletter
Subscribe
Request demo
Subscribe to the newsletter
Subscribe
We use cookies to improve browsing on our site. Read our
Cookie Policy
to find out more.