Sciencesoft
COVID-19 UPDATE
Following measures taken by the UK and other governments around the world to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, we have introduced a no-travel policy. Although unable to visit during this time, we will be happy and willing to set up online meetings via WebEx, Zoom or Microsoft Teams. For questions or any other support requirements, please contact
support@sciencesoft.com
or
sales@sciencesoft.com
Stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to meeting our customers and friends on the return of normal business conditions.
Tel:
+44 (0) 141 445 0330
Email:
sales@sciencesoft.com
Follow Us:
HOME
ABOUT US
Sciencesoft History
Sciencesoft Team
Newsletters
Sciencesoft Privacy Policy
PRODUCTS
Product Overview
BUILD
S3quickbuild
S3chembuild
S3sector
S3schedule
CONTROL
S3control
S3optima
S3connect
SIM
MetEOR
ANALYSE
S3GRAF
S3GRAF-3D
S3GRAF-3D/HPG
SALES
Request a Demo
Direct Sales
Authorised Sciencesoft Dealers
CSR
Sciencesoft in Education
The Worldwide Sciencesoft Educational Software Programme
Sciencesoft Collaborations
Sciencesoft and Charities
TESTIMONIALS
Customers
Academics
SUPPORT SIGN IN
HOME
ABOUT US
PRODUCTS
SALES
CSR
TESTIMONIALS
SIGN IN
ABOUT US
Home
About Us
Sciencesoft Privacy Policy
Sciencesoft Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy lets you know what happens to any personal data that you give to us, or any that we may collect from or about you. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR).
Who we are:
Sciencesoft Limited
Company Number: SC157594
Registered Office: Moorpark House
11 Orton Place
Glasgow G51 2HF
Scotland
United Kingdom
How we collect information from you
We obtain information about you directly from you or your business colleagues, or from public sources, for example when you join our mailing list, your company makes an enquiry or places an order to purchase or rent software, you give us your business card, or you apply for a job.
The types of personal information that we collect and process:
personal information, such as your name, business address, business email address, business telephone number, job title, job function and responsibilities
if you have applied for a job, the personal information contained in your CV and any covering letter or email (such as full name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, age, gender, qualifications).
Why we collect and use this information:
Sciencesoft processes your personal data for the following purposes:
operational business purposes, including processing your companys software order, dealing with queries, issuing software licences, providing our maintenance and support service, reviewing past purchases, issuing invoices and in general administering your companys account
carrying out any obligations arising from any contracts your company has entered into with us
keeping you up to date on the latest Sciencesoft news, including details of new product features, new products we have launched, our attendance at tradeshows in your area, and to market products and services which we think will be of interest to and relevant to your company
seeking your views or comments on the products or services we provide
compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and good practice
if you have applied for a job, to review your job application, to conduct our recruitment and appointment process, to obtain references from previous employers or other contacts provided for that purpose, and to inform the development of our recruitment policies.
The lawful bases on which we process this information:
Sciencesoft considers that there is a legitimate interest in processing your personal data for the purposes listed above, because (i) your company is currently, or has been, a customer of Sciencesoft, or (ii) your company has previously expressed an interest in our products and services.
In cases where Sciencesoft has a contract in place with your company we are also entitled to process the information on the grounds that it is necessary for the purposes of fulfilling that contract.
If you have applied for a job, Sciencesoft considers that there is a legitimate interest in processing your personal data in order to consider your job application.
Information security:
Sciencesoft maintains reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to ensure that the confidentiality of your personal data is maintained and there are stringent controls in place on our systems regarding access to it and its use. However, where the data is transmitted over the Internet, this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We will keep personal data up to date, store it and destroy it securely, not collect or retain excessive amounts of data, and protect data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure. Access to your personal data is restricted to those who need to process the information for the business purposes listed above.
The information which you provide to us will be held in an electronic database. In today's technological environment such data may be held outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for example, if any of our servers or database service providers are from time to time located outside of the EEA, or if it is held in the cloud. GDPR may not directly apply in these cases. However, in such circumstances we will make sure that any such storage is legal and that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
Who we share this information with:
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. Sciencesoft will not give your personal information to any third party without your consent (unless we are required to do so by law, for example by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime).
How long we keep your data:
Sciencesoft will regularly audit the personal data we hold to ensure that it remains necessary.
We only keep personal data for as long as we have a reasonable need to do so, or as long as we have a contract in place with your company, or otherwise in line with legal or regulatory requirements and guidance.
For job applicants, we will keep your personal data while we are considering your application for employment and only for as long as we have a reasonable need to do so thereafter, in line with legal or regulatory requirements and guidance, up to a maximum of 6 years from the date we receive it (in case other job opportunities arise in the future which we may wish to consider you for, and in case of any legal claims or complaints).
What should you do if your personal information changes?
Sciencesoft seeks to check the accuracy of all personal information on an ongoing basis. Data that is found to be inaccurate or out of date will be updated in our database. To assist with this please notify us of any change in your personal details as soon as possible.
What are your rights under data protection laws?
You have a number of rights to control what we do with your personal information. For example, you can ask us to:
tell you what information we have about you and get a copy of it
correct or update information that is wrong
stop sending you marketing information (unsubscribe from our mailing list)
send a copy of your data to someone else for them to use
request processing of your personal data to be restricted where there is an issue or dispute about it.
You may exercise any of these rights at any time by contacting us at
epost@sciencesoft.com
Information access requests:
To make a request for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please contact us at
epost@sciencesoft.com
. This information will be provided free of charge without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt of the request.
Concerns
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, if you feel that we have not complied with any request regarding your personal data, or if you would like to discuss anything in this Privacy Policy, we ask that you contact us in the first instance at
epost@sciencesoft.com
Alternatively, you can contact the Information Commissioners Office at:
ico.org.uk/concerns
0303 123 1115, or
Information Commissioner's Office, 45 Melville Street, Edinburgh, EH3 7HL.
Updates
We keep this Policy under regular review. We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This Policy was last updated in May 2018.
Reservoir Simulation Suite
Sciencesofts Reservoir Simulation Suite of products helps
engineers analyse the results from reservoir simulators by quickly producing 3D
images of a companys oil or gas field, enabling engineers to make
multi-million dollar field planning and development decisions. Reservoir
simulators are the main prediction tools used by engineers in petroleum
companies to forecast for future oil and gas production.
The Reservoir Simulation Suite consists of:
BUILD
S3sector
S3quickbuild
S3chembuild
S3schedule
CONTROL
S3control
S3optima
S3connect
SIM
MetEOR
ANALYSE
S3GRAF
S3GRAF-3D
S3GRAF-HPG

Upcoming Events
Sciencesoft will be attending these events in the coming year:
Due to the current travel restrictions regarding Covid-19, there are no plans for Sciencesoft staff to attend any international events for the time being.
Latest News
Sciencesoft are excited to introduce our new generation chemical EOR simulator
MetEOR .
MetEOR
is a powerful chemical enhanced oil recovery (CEOR) simulator which supports a range of important CEOR processes.
To find out more about
MetEOR
please click
here
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MAILING LIST
*
indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Company
Contact Us
Address:
Moorpark House,
11 Orton Place,
Glasgow G51 2HF,
Scotland,
UK
Phone:
+44 (0) 141 445 0330
Sales Enquiry:
sales@sciencesoft.com
Support Enquiry:
support@sciencesoft.com
To apply for a job at Sciencesoft please email
jobs@sciencesoft.com
with your CV and a covering letter.
© 2020. Sciencesoft Ltd.
All right reserved.