Privacy Policy - SMS Assist
Our Solution

The SMS Advantage
ONE by SMS Assist
Markets Served
Commercial

Commercial Facilities
Exterior Maintenance
Facilities Maintenance
Interior Maintenance
Residential

Residential Property
Repair & Maintenance
Exterior Maintenance
Turns & Rehabs
Affiliates

Affiliate Advantage
Testimonials
FAQ
Affiliate Sign Up
Our Commitments
About Us

Corporate Overview
Contact
News
Why SMS Assist
Available Positions
Resources

Blog
COVID-19 Resources
Our Team

Executive Team
Board of Directors
Investors & Advisors
Equity Partners
Get Started
Privacy Policy
GENERAL WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
SMS ASSIST, L.L.C. (SMS Assist) is committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals who utilize the www.smsassist.com website.
Please read the following policy to understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you may provide to us via this website.
This Privacy Statement may be revised from time to time, so please revisit this page often to remain fully informed of our policies. By using this website, or voluntarily providing your information to us, you consent to the collection and use of all information as set forth in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not provide us with any information and do not use this website. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into and subject to the
Terms of Use
for the website.
APPLICABILIY OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement applies solely to information and data you may provide to us or we otherwise collect from you via the
www.smsassist.com website, excluding information and data provided to us or we otherwise collect from Clients or Affiliates of SMS Assist (or their employees or contractors) via Client or Affiliate website portals accessible by logging in through this Site (Client Portal and Affiliate Portal, respectively, and collectively, the Portals) (excluding the Portals, the Site). Use of the Client Portal and Affiliate Portal are subject to separate Privacy Statements. In addition, this Privacy Statement does not apply to (i) information that may be collected by SMS Assist through any other means, including offline or (ii) information about you collected by third party services, applications, or websites or advertisements associated with, linked to or otherwise accessible from the Site. The information collected or received by such third parties, is subject to their own privacy policies or practices and under no circumstances is the SMS Assist responsible or liable for the third partys compliance therewith.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES SMS ASSIST COLLECT FROM YOU?
Via the Site, SMS Assist collects from you: (i) personally identifiable information, and (ii) technical and other information. General Web Site Visitors. When you browse the Site, you do so anonymously; no personally identifiable information is collected. Contacting Us. The Site permits you to reach out to various SMS Assist departments through email. Whenever you send us an email, you will be providing us with your email address and any information you choose to provide in the text of your message. For example, you may choose to provide your full name, mailing address or other information necessary or helpful for us to address your query or concern. Applying for Careers at SMS Assist. Through the Site you may apply for various open employment positions at SMS Assist. If you do so, you will be providing us with your first name, last name, email address, telephone number, your resume and such other information you decide to provide us. SMS Assist Updates. The Site also permits you to receive email updates notifying you of new employment positions at SMS Assist.
In order to sign up to receive such updates, you need only provide us your email address. Technical and Other Information.
While you are browsing the Site, we automatically log your IP address (a number assigned to your computer when you use the Internet) and your activity while using the Site.
Additionally, in order to personalize and enhance your experience on the Site, we may also collect information through cookies.
Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by the Site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computers hard drive.
We use cookies to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Site.
We also use cookies to gather broad demographic information and to help identify you in respect to visits to the Site so that we may improve your user experience, and to determine whether you visited the Site from a particular Internet link or advertisement.
While a code in the cookie file enables the Site to label you as a particular user, including identifying you by name or other personally identifiable information, such cookie files are encrypted in order to protect your information.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies.
However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of the Site.
TRACKING
We do not engage in the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services.
Accordingly, we do not currently process or comply with any web browsers do not track signal or other mechanisms that provide consumers with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third party websites.
However, we may from time to time allow third party companies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Site which, through tracking technologies, can be combined with non-personally identifiable information during your visits to other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org , and you may opt out of receiving cookies from third party advertising networks by going to the Network Advertising Initiatives cookie opt out page, which can be found at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Our Use of Information.
We collect, retain, and use your personally identifiable information for legitimate business purposes only, including, without limitation, the following: to respond to an inquiry from you or address a request submitted by you (including contacting you directly to request additional information to process your inquiry or request); to contact you and to provide you information regarding SMS Assist and/or our services; in connection with employment decisions with SMS Assist; to operate or improve the Site; to correspond with you regarding the Site or our services; to inform you of career opportunities at SMS Assist or developments in SMS Assist services, projects or events we believe may be of interest to you; to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage; to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of relevant law enforcement and/or other governmental agencies; to enforce our Terms of Use; and/or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SMS Assist, our users, and others. Sharing Information.
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties.
We share your information only with our service providers or as otherwise described herein in order to provide you with information or services with respect to which you provided the information.
Also, we may from time to time share in aggregate, statistical form, non-personal information regarding the visitors to the Site, traffic patterns, and Site usage with our partners or advertisers.
In addition, we will disclose information we maintain, including personally identifiable information: (i) when required to do so by law, or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority or any regulatory authority; (ii) to protect the integrity or security of the Site or the interests, rights, or property of SMS Assist; or (iii) to enforce the Sites Terms of Use.
ACCURACY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We strive to maintain the accuracy of any personally identifiable information that may be collected from you, and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the information in our database is not accurate.
It is your responsibility to ensure that such information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
You may obtain from us, by mail or email, the information in our records.
If you wish to make any changes to any personally identifiable information you have provided to us, you may do so at any time by contacting us at
info@sms-assist.com . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
OPT OUT
You may opt out of receiving materials or other communications from us by following the opt-out link provided in any email received, or by contacting us at
info@sms-assist.com .
CHILDREN
In compliance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1-312.12, we do not knowingly collect information from children. By using the Site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time to time, SMS Assist may reference or provide links to third party websites.
We are not responsible for the third party websites, and you should review the privacy policies posted on such sites.
Please be aware that SMS Assist does not control, nor are we responsible for, the privacy policies or information practices of third parties or their websites.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, especially all personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through the Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
BUSINESS TRANSFER
SMS Assist may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party.
Your personally identifiable information and/or technical information we obtain from you via the Site may be disclosed to any potential or actual purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred.
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
This Privacy Statement is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the SMS Assist
Terms of Use . By using the Site and voluntarily providing your personally identifiable information to us, you consent to the collection and use of such personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Statement.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Site.
EFFECTIVENESS
This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 20, 2015. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. In the event we modify this Privacy Statement, your continued use of the Site will signify your acceptance of the modified Privacy Statement.
QUESTIONS?
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to
info@smsassist.com . SMS Assist may also be contacted directly at the following address and phone number: SMS Assist, L.L.C. 875 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 2800 Chicago, IL 60611 Phone: 312.698.7000 info@smsassist.com
OUR SOLUTION
The SMS Advantage One by SMS Assist
Markets Served
COMMERCIAL
Commercial Facilities Exterior Maintenance Facilities Maintenance Interior Maintenance
RESIDENTIAL
Residential Property Repair & Maintenance Residential Exterior Maintenance Turns & Rehabs
AFFILIATES
Affiliate Advantage Step 1: Sign Up Testimonials Our Commitments FAQ Affiliate Blog
ABOUT US
Corporate Overview SMS Serves SMS University Contact
Why SMS Assist? Available Positions
OUR TEAM
Executive Team Board of Directors Investors & Advisors Equity Partners
MEDIA
News Events Blog
Privacy Policy Security Policy Code of Conduct Terms of Use Download Brochure Home
Affiliate Sign Up
  Affiliate Login
  Client Login
  Blog
  312.698.7000 info@smsassist.com
© 2020 SMS Assist. All Rights Reserved.