Privacy Policy   Weave
Call Us!
888-579-5668
Why Weave
Never miss a call
Better engage customers
Schedule more appointments
Automate your communication
Collaborate with your team
Collect more payments
Grow your business
Features
Phones
Messages
Customer Insights
Scheduling
Payments
Team
Analytics
Reviews
Email Marketing
Industries
Dental
Optometry
Podiatry
Salon
Medical
Medical Spas
Veterinary
Accounting
Small Business
Physical Therapy
Dental Specialties
Resources
Events
Free CE: Dental
Free CE: Optometry
Blog
eBooks
Webinars
Company
About
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us
Support
Schedule Demo
Call Us!
Schedule Demo
Privacy Policy
Weave, Inc. (Weave, we or us) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Weave collects, uses, and shares the personal information we collect from visitors to our website (Website). For information about how we collect and use information collected from our customers (Customer Data) during the provision of our service (Service), please see Customer Data, below. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our  Terms of Service .
1. How We Collect and Use Information
We collect personal information from our website visitors in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience.
We collect information when you set up an account with us, use our Services, or communicate with us. For example, we may request your personal information (e.g., name, postal address, email address, telephone number, payment information) and your applicable business information when you register for an account or purchase our Service. We may also collect any communications that you exchange with us, as well as any information you provide if you take part in any interactive features of the Service (e.g., promotions, surveys, etc.). We collect information you may provide when providing content or commentary to our service in the form of blog posts, comments, and the like (User Content). Please note that User Content is published on our site and will be viewable by the public. From time to time, we may obtain information from other sources, such as third-party information providers, or through mergers and acquisitions, and combine this with information previously collected.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website and our services, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also send you emails or messages (e.g., account verification, purchase confirmation, changes or updates, technical and security notices). Similarly, if you request information from us through an online contact form or if you email us, we collect the information you provide (e.g., name, telephone number, email address) so that we can respond to you. For more information about your communication preferences, see Control Over Your Information below.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information our Customers may input into our service. Please see Customer Data below for more information.
2. How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technology To Collect Information.
We, and our third party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Website, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, file information and similar technology (collectively, tracking technologies). For example, we collect information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such information. We also collect information about the way you use our Websites, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Website, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Website from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Website. When you access our Website from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (IDFA), Google AdID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device, or we may be able to approximate a devices location by analyzing other information, like an IP address. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Website and to understand more about the demographics of our users. We may also work with third party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which attempt to recognize you across multiple devices. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Website, as some features and services on our Website may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it. [Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more about Flash objects  including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies  on Adobes website or by clicking here. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the information and services offered.]
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies, please see Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising below.
3. How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see Control Over Your Information.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or business partners who help us deliver or improve our service or who perform services on our behalf, such as identifying and serving targeted advertisements, processing payments, sending postal mail, providing back-office services, or measuring site traffic.
We may share or disclose your personal information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that we are required to do so under applicable law or regulatory requirements, or if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity, and/or to enforce our Terms of Service.
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Weave Corporation, both now or in the future, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Weave, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy.
We may use your personal information for purposes that we make known to you at the time of collection of such information and upon your consent.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
4. Customer Data
In providing our Service, our Customers may upload data to our systems, which may include personal information or data about our customers end users (all of which we call Customer Data). For example, our customers may upload personal information relating to our customers customers, patients, employees, or others. Customer Data is owned and controlled by our Customers, and any Customer Data that we maintain or process we consider to be strictly confidential. Customer Data is not covered by this Privacy Policy  we collect and process Customer Data solely on behalf of our Customers, and in accordance with our contractual agreements with the Customers. We do not use or disclose Customer Data except as authorized and required by our Customers and as provided for in our agreements with our Customers. If you have any questions about Weaves processing of your personal information, we will direct you to contact the customer who provided such information to us.
5. Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising
We may share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect, information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Site as well as on other websites or apps, or on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, and other information. This information is used to display targeted ads on or through our Site or on other websites or apps, including on Facebook. We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests. As noted above, depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting limit ad tracking (iOS) or opt-out of interest based ads (Android). To learn more about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiatives online resources, at  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices , and/or the DAAs resources at  www.aboutads.info/choices , and you may also adjust your ad preferences through your Facebook settings. You may also be able to opt-out of some  but not all  interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting  http://youradchoices.com/appchoices  and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. For more information about cookies and how to disable and/or delete them, please visit  www.aboutcookies.org  or if you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at legal@getweave.com.
6. Control Over Your Information
Email Communications. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our website, products or services, notices about our company, or information about products/services we offer, or promotional offers from third parties that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain company-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Email and Text Communications Sent Through the Weave Service. Our service provides a platform through which our customers may contact individuals via email, text and voice call. These messages are sent by Weaves customers and Weave does not control when or how these messages are sent. If you have received emails or text messages from your provider sent by Weave, please contact your providers office with questions or to opt-out of receiving further communications.
Modifying Account Information. If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through profile, account, settings, or preferences options provided on the website or service. If you have any questions about modifying or updating any information in your account, please contact us at the email or postal address provided below. Please note that Weave does not own or control the Customer Data uploaded to our Service by our Customers, and cannot modify or delete Customer Data except at the request of our Customer, or as permitted by our Terms of Service.
When we process your information on the basis that you have consented to such processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent, or ask us to stop or restrict processing the personal information we have about you, at any time by contacting us using the contact information below. You will always have the opportunity to opt out of any new or different uses of your personal information. You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your personal information consistent with this policy at any time.
7. Data Protection and Security
Data Retention: Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Weave may retain your information for a commercially reasonable time for record keeping, audit or other purposes. Any Customer Data that we have access to shall be retained, stored, and deleted according to our Agreement with our business customer.
Data storage and transfer: Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Weave or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which we or our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping information safe: Weave cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Weaves obligations with respect Customer Data are defined in our agreements with our customers and are not included in this Privacy Policy. Each customer will remain responsible for the privacy and security of the Customer Data that it collects and processes and for compliance with applicable data protection laws that may apply to the collection, processing and disclosure of Customer Data through the Services. As the owner of Customer Data, our Customers will be responsible for compliance with any legally required notifications related to Customer Data that been shared with Weave through the service.
8. Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
For your convenience, our website and Services may provide links to third-party websites or services that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. To the extent that any linked third-party websites or services you visit are not owned or controlled by Weave, we are not responsible for those websites or services content or information practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.
9. Childrens Privacy
Weaves website and services are intended for use strictly by adults. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us at legal@getweave.com.
10. Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will post changes on this page and indicate the last modified date at the top of this page. Please check back often for any updates. Your continued use of our Website or services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
11. Your California Privacy Rights:
The Service is offered by Weave located at 2000 West Ashton Blvd., Suite #100, Lehi, UT 84043, and can be reached via email at legal@getweave.com or telephone at 888.579.5668. If you are a California resident, (a) you may have this same information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information; and (b) in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.
12. Contact Us
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at legal@getweave.com, or contact us at:
Data Privacy Office
Weave
2000 West Ashton Blvd., Suite #100
Lehi, UT 84043
Tel: 888.579.5668
Email: legal@getweave.com
(This Privacy Policy was last modified on 8/24/18)
Schedule a Demo
A Weave representative will contact you shortly to schedule the demo at a time
convenient for you.
Phone 2 *
Please input your phone number, numbers only
Name:
Please input your first and last name
Email:
Please input a valid email address. example@example.com
Phone:
Please input your phone number, numbers only
Company Name:
Get My Demo
No Contracts
In case you were wondering. We're so confident you'll love us, we don't try to trap you with
a contract.
We guarantee 100% privacy.
Your information will not be shared.
Every day is made of a mass of customer interactions. Weave
is a refreshingly easy way to make each one count.
LOCATION
2000 Ashton Blvd.
Suite 100
Lehi, Utah
84043
RESOURCES
Events
Blog
About
eBooks
Webinars
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
INDUSTRIES
Dental
Optometry
Medical
Veterinary
Accounting
Small Business
Dental Specialties
CONTACT
Call Us!
888-579-5668
SOCIAL MEDIA
Schedule Demo
Copyright © 2020
Weave Communications.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings